TL: Rebirth Online did chapter one of the webnovel. Please go to their site and take a look.

















Chapter 2 - Adventurer's guild

Approximately one week passed in real time. I did nothing else but looked at the map and traveled north, and finally reached the capital's district.

It was painful to do nothing but just travel for one whole week after logging into the game.........

I wondered if the traveling time in the MMORPG should be lessened a little.

It was fortunate that I did not feel tired from running, and I ran the whole way (And I ran faster than my usual self). There were a few times that I got attacked by monsters but I did not lose interest in the game. Even so this world was way too big.
I finally reach this district that was surrounded by incredible walls after spending several days like that.

The districts in other games are filled up with approximately 100 people or so even if they are as vast as the one here, but the magnitude of people was completely different in 'Another World'.

At the very least when I consider the scope, there has to be at least 3-4000 people here in this district alone.

In order to display a lifelike city, the area is filled with many NPCs, and the AI NPCs are taking complex actions to run businesses and live their daily livelihood. I feel like I need to bow my head down in respect to the game developers.

This district ------ is mostly comprised of Meldor's weapon shops and armor shops. I plan to stop by them for a short while to level up and arrange my equipment later on.

I need to change my shirt and my crappy staff to something stronger.

The first thing that I did is to head to the adventurer's guild. This game is no different from the others where one would exchange money from the monsters that he defeated.

Due to that, there are quests to hunt special monsters, or harvest specific items and various other requests to get a reward. It should definitely be possible to sell the monsters' drops.

In addition to accepting quests directly from people, one is able to accept them from the adventurer's guild too. It is more efficient to earn money from the adventurer's guild because quests were plentiful there.

.......... So written in the Strategy Guide in Wiki.

The adventurer's guild is beside the inn. When I enter the guild I see a few muscular men inside. There are three male receptionists writing on papers on top of the desk. There is no female presence at all, and certainly appears to be a sordid place.

"What should I do to receive a quest?"

I ask one of the male receptionist who was working. He takes a glance at me and retrieves a piece of paper and points with his finger.

"First you need to register with the adventurer's guild. Write your details here."

But when I look at the paper I am unable to read it. It is most likely a language unique in the game, and perhaps considered as a peculiar highlight in this game's world.

A mania might try to immediately figure what it means, but I am unable to do something like that.

But I should try to fill in my name and age since it's the sake for my registration.

"Are you perhaps unable to read?"

The man who spoke was shaking his head. I personally thought that the majority of the players would not be able to read the alphabets here.

"Then tell me your name and age, as well as your skills ---- The skills that you can use. Be it a sword or bow, anything that you are good in will be fine. Do you have a usable skill?"

Do I need to fill in my profession? As a magician I should answer that I can use magic and that should be fine right?

"My name is Chaos. Age is 16. My specialty is magic."

"Hoh~ Magic huh~"

He looked at me as if he was appraising something. Did I say something wrong?

"Well that's fine.The guild will issue you an identity card tomorrow. Please be careful not to lose it as there will be a penalty. When you apply for a quest you can ask from me or the other guys in the guild. You can't read the quests that are pasted on the board right? Do you have any other questions?"

The process was quickly over with an anti-climax.

Hmm, the first thing that I want is money. It is fine to apply for quests, but since I'm here I wonder if I can sell the monster drops. There is a certain drop rate from the monsters' corpses that are defeated. When I take the items, they are automatically taken away and stacked in my inventory.

For example the wolves that I encountered a while ago ------- Their hides that were supposed to be skinned, I didn't need to do that with a knife and skin them one by one.

"Where can I sell the hides of the forest wolves that I had defeated?"

"Ahh, you can sell them here. Let me see them."

I took 50 fur hides from my inventory out.

There were taken from the forest wolves that I had encountered in groups along my way here.

The receptionist appeared to be shocked. Are there too many fur hides?

Latest game pic 2

But his expression returns back to normal, and takes the hides onto his hand and studies them carefully.

"These are some quality hides, hmm. With this level of quality and quantity, I'll give you ten silver---- no, 15 silver coins. You're actually pretty good."

The male receptionist grinned.

"You just came to this district right? The lodging fees are cheaper even for those who recently joined the guild. The money you received is more than enough for you to get a good room. Right, for the next question, do you want to take up a quest?"

"Please give me one."

"Then how about taking down the killer bees at the river bank? When you travel to the river in the east side you can quickly see them gathering there. Also, there are some medicinal herbs that grow there at the very end of the river bank. Ah, take this sample and look at it so you know what it looks like. If the quality of the herbs you gathered is good, the rewards will go up."

"Understood."

I leave the sample behind in the guild, and go to the weapon and armor stores first before doing the quest. I buy a magician's staff and a mantle and equip them.

I chose a staff which raised [Intelligence] and a mantle that increased [physique].

There are many varieties that increased different stats or mixed stats in the store when I looked at them for the first time, but I was careful in choosing them.

Now then, I'll quickly set off to do the quest.

*Viewpoint change*

Meldor's adventurer's guild. Carlo was battling against the papers as usual. He was an adventurer who retired five years ago, and had picked up the job as a receptionist in the adventurer's guild with his achievements, but he did not have much affinity with paperwork.

He was facing the tedious paperwork today once again.

Right at that time ----- A strange youth visited the guild.

A youth with black hair appeared. He was dressed like any other youths but Carlo had lived in the capital for a long time and had no impression of him at all. He was most likely a young man who came from the nearby village in hopes of becoming an adventurer.

But he was dressed too lightly and Carlo was bothered by it. The nearby village required at least two days to reach the capital, and he should have at least have some luggage with him. Did he take a merchant's caravan by chance and came here ---- He thought and tried to answer his own question.

As expected, the youth was a newcomer who wanted to be an adventurer.

But when the paper and pen was passed over to him, he did not write on it.

It looked like he was unable to read. The literacy rate in this kingdom was not very high. It was one of the receptionist job to write on someone's behalf, and so Carlo began his usual task of writing for them. He asked for the youth's name, age and skills.

It was important to ask for an accurate report for skills. The adventurers would reference and assess these things when they formed a party.

Well, there were many newcomers who pretended to have different skills. When that happened they were going to learn a painful lesson.

And that's when the youth said this. --------- My speciality is magic.

Carlo looked at the youth again. He did not have a sword or bow, and he did not look particularly strong, so there was a possibility that he could use it. But to use magic, one would have to know how to read books about magic and it was a given to improve their knowledge that way. It was impossible to not know how to write or read.

He considered that the youth was from some other country, but it did not explain his light equipment. No matter how he looked at him, the impression was mismatched.

He should let this slide first----- Then he started to explain to the youth about the criminal list and guild's blacklist and the investigation's procedures. (氦泳がせてみるかDDあとで犯罪者リストやギルドのブラックリストを{べようと考えつつ、彼にh明していく。 Unsure if this TL is correct.)

When he finished explaining, the youth asked if he could sell the forest wolves' hides here.

Beyond the subjugation of the magical creatures and their proof of victory, there were also weapons, armor, herbs and various other things that were requested along from the quest. The adventurer's guild would buy these things as a result.

It was not impossible for an amateur to be able to defeat a single forest wolf. However, forest wolves hunt in a pack. One cannot make light of that.

Yet the youth took out 50 hides, a number that was significantly beyond his expectations, and they did not appear to be old. These were probably recently skinned.

He couldn't have fought 50 of them right---

He stole them or something---- No, this was still an impossible number.

There was never a time where such a large number of hides were taken from the wolves that reside deep within the forest. Just where exactly did he get these hides?

As his questions sprang up, the youth's distrustful eyes looked at him, and he started to appraise the hide carefully.

Each of the fur hides were carefully skinned---- And it was rare to see such careful workmanship. The quality was comparable to a specialist who worked in this field, and one might even say that a master huntsman was the one who skinned them.

At the very least, when he was still an active adventurer, he did not have the confidence to do something like this.

There were adventurers who had the ability to subjugate the monsters, but were horrible at removing their hides. And if the creatures were hurt too much in the process, there were cases where the adventurer guild did not buy the damaged hides.

A merchant would spend a great deal of money to buy them with this level of quality.

Perhaps if this youth did this all on his own ---- He would be an extraordinary rookie. No, he would completely surpass the level of a newcomer.

Even though there were many things that he did not understand, he involuntarily admired the youth. He ought to have an appropriate judgment for this transaction. And thus the guild receptionist Carlo chose to be fair in his appraisal.

After he passed the silver coins to the youth ----- Chaos requested for a quest.

Carlo considered carefully. It was undeserving of him to receive a quest for a newcomer. If that was the case he would test his strength out with a quest that was a little harder.

Killer bees were fierce insect type magical creatures the size of a human's infants. Their quick movements and their lunging stings easily hurt newcomers, and it was a magical creature where a newcomer would find their limits. If Chaos had real capabilities, then he would have no problems finishing it.

Even though there were many suspicious points remaining, his heart danced a little when he remembered the time when was an adventurer, and had great expectations for the rookie.



TL:

[Read more…]













Chapter 3 - Subjugation of the Killer Bees and herb gathering

I finally saw the river which was east of Meldor after running for one hour.

Even though the killer bees were shown on my mini-map a considerable distance away, I could hear the noisy hum of insects.

This side of the river has turned into a flower garden, so the bees might have gathered here for that reason.

I focused my eyes into the distance, and confirmed their presence. Although they are so far away, I was still able to see them, so they are considerably large. It seems they are about the size of half my body?

Come to think of it, was I supposed to eliminate every single foe in this elimination quest? Ahh, it would be good if I properly confirmed the quest when I received it.

Oh, maybe I can confirm it in the event window?

I try thinking about it and the quest information appears neatly.

[Killer Bee's subjugation]
Kill 20 Killer Bees inhabiting the Yuritto River which is located in the east of Meldor.
Parts that are required to confirm the kill: The Killer Bee's needle.
Reward: 10 Silver Coins

[Collection of Medicinal Herbs]
Collect 10 stalks of the (Sahira Grass) required to make the lowest class potion, located in the Yuritto River which is located in the east of Meldor.
*Collection of (Sahira Grass - High Grade) will result in the increase of the rewards.
Reward: Payment of 10 copper coins for 1 stalk of the Sahira grass.
Reward: Payment of 20 copper coins for 1 stalk of the Sahira grass (high grade)

Indeed, I also took on the quest to gather herbs, and I was paying too much attention on killing the killer bees.

The reward is copper coins, huh. 100 Copper coins is equivalent to 1 silver coin, 100 silver coin is equivalent to 1 gold coin, 1000 gold coin is equivalent to 1 platinum coin.

The reward is a little low for 1 stalk.

Well, that is to be expected since the difficulty of collecting the medicine will be low since there is no need to fight the monsters.

This is the case where it cannot be helped that the reward is low....... to the point of incredulity......

Oh, that's right! If the quest is unacceptable, then I can go into production.

There are production related professions that exist in Another World, blacksmiths creating weapons and armors, while alchemists create potions.

Also, even though some of these items are expensive and the effects are terrible, there are such requests made to the NPCs which they are paid materials and money to manufacture them.

The possibility of these items being produced is still not gathered yet because it is still early in beta testing, but perhaps the information of the lower grade potions have been gathered.

Rather than the collection of the reward money, it might be much better to collect the materials directly and save them for requests.

I will check the wiki later on the materials necessary to create the various items.

In any case, I'll gather the herbs necessary for this quest first.

In order to do that, I will first ensure my safety in my surroundings.

There are things that I have learned from hunting in the past, but I am still unclear as to where the monsters will pop out from. And if I stay there in that area, the monsters will pop out again.

Even if I defeat them with my utmost effort, it will still affect my gathering in the end, so I'll just cut corners when killing them.

The levels for killer bees are 4-7. On the other hand, my levels are 5.

It is not at a level difference where I cannot be victorious.

I approach the killer bees quietly from behind softly, in order to be in the range for [Mana Bolt]. I will treat this battle like I am facing Forest Wolves.

And I quickly reach into the attacking range --- I prepare my skill and use my staff into the killer bees' direction --.

--- In that instant, I am blown away.

Just what exactly happened!?

Luckily I did not feel any pain, but the vibration that happened was stronger than that of a mobile phone. I get up quickly in confusion while looking at my surroundings.

There is the figure of a killer bee over where I was earlier which had swooped down on me.

Damn it, when did it get behind my back!

[Mana Bolt Lv 3!] ------ I acquired the increased level as I leveled up. The skill's MP expenditure, power and ranged also increased ---- and I activate them as I aim at the enemy.

But the enemy dodges it nimbly.

As the attack was a miss, the killer bee's tail needle is about to assault me, this is bad!

I get down like I am falling over as it comes crashing at my shoulder. The needle grazes my shoulder.

The situation is becoming worse again. The killer bee that I aimed at a moment ago has noticed the disturbance and is coming over here. It is outrageous that I had actually thought that insect monsters are weak. They are fast with their flying speed and it is more troublesome which I have never considered before.

Yet this is going to be a disadvantageous situation of two versus one.

When I look at my status, I realize that two more of the same attacks will cause my HP to go to 0 and I will die there.

I must find a way to beat this damned insect......

Of course, I should use that!

[Spider web!]

The thin web of mana extended everywhere from the center of my position. Even though the killer bee tries to doge it, the speed of the extending web is much faster which catches and entangles it. It is not at a level where it cannot move at all, but its movements is affected and the speed falls remarkably.

[Mana Bolt Lv 3!]

The purple electricity pierces through the killer bee. The outcome was decided there and then.

Phew, I successfully made the right choices in this battle.

Spiderweb: A magic web which extends from my position, and decreases the opponent's speed for ten seconds.

The effect's time and shooting range is small, and this skill in traditional MMORPG was nothing but difficult to use against humans. But I see now, isn't it good enough to be effective against this type of enemies?

[Mana Bolt] has a problem where the attack cannot be guided and it attacks in a straight path, and such an attack is too weak for aiming during attacks. It is extremely difficult to strike them squarely where it is intended. Therefore to hit them easily, there is a need for a strategy.

Even though that is a given reason, the MMORPG up until now required only to click the enemies with a cursor.

As expected of a VRMMORPG! It is useless if I fight without considering the monster's nature.

Oops, the killer bee is approaching towards me again. I will think about it later. I'll clean up the killer bees with the knowledge I gained first!

The Meldor's adventurer guild's doors open.

The person who entered was the youth who came 4 hours ago ---- Chaos.

Carlo's eyes focused on Chaos. Chaos finds the familiar face, and he approached Carlo's table and abruptly placed his hand over the table.

*Rustle**Rustle --- He casually poured out twenty insect needles.

And there was ten carefully selected Sahira Grass of high quality.

[The quest is finished.]

(As expected this person is the real deal!)

Carlo's heart was in astonishment.

It was next to impossible for a newbie that defeat the killer bees alone. Carlo believed that it was indeed the youth who killed that large number of forest wolves.

As expected, the fact that he defeated twenty killer bees without sustaining any injuries, that alone is enough to prove it.

Furthermore, he fought twenty of them in one try.

It was true that Carlo did not assign the specific number of killer bees when the quest was assigned. That was because the number of killer bees were numerous, and it was a target that need frequent suppression. He had thought that Chaos would only defeat ten of them at most, but this amount exceeded his expectations, and he felt the Chaos was not a newbie.

In addition, all of the Sahira grass was of high quality. Chaos even had the talent of judgment. There is no doubt about his abilities just by looking at him.

[Alright here, 12 silver coins. The killer bees are always on request, if you are free take it up again.]

Chaos nodded, and he turned back and left the guild.

(His abilities have been confirmed. After that is his identity and character.)

Carlo who was left alone, thought about it while he took the bags that contained the herbs and needles.

He did not discover anything about Chaos from the investigation report about criminals and the blacklist.

But it did not change the fact that he was a suspicious person. Therefore it was a must to observe him, especially when he was an adventurer on the rise.

(Hmm. Who is suitable for this job?)

As much as possible it should be a veteran who could be trusted----.

When Carlo was agonizing over the selection, the guild doors opened once again.

The sound of grating metal resounded which was emitted from the visitor's armor.

The visitor who was clad in an armor with a dull sheen was a male approximately 30 years old, his neat blue hair constrasting against his skin which was illuminated brightly by the sun.

There was a sense of affable feeling from his expressed smile through his beard.

[What, it's Havok, so you have returned huh.]

Carlo spoke to the guy clad in armor.

[Ahh, I just came back a little while ago. The newbie was more hardworking than I expected.]

[How was it, the member who was added to your party?]

[This is an untameable horse with talent. Well, it might be good to have a strong competitive spirit here.]

[Ah, is it that the Elf miss? Her personality does not match her face at all huh.]

[Gahaha, don't say things like that! Because she will really mind it a lot you!]

It was rare to see a demi-race like the elf who had a long lifespan in this area. Furthermore, they are recognized to be proud elves who were hard to please, and it was difficult of females to integrate themselves to a party.

During that time, Havoc's party had two members who retired, so there was new members who were recruited.

His party accepted females, and there was no prejudice towards elves, so that was how the adventurer's guild introduced her to the party.

The Elf girl was relieved to hear it was Havoc's party, as their party had track records as well as being friendly.

[Oh right, hey, Havok.]

[Yes, what's is it?]

[You have another slot left over after adding the Elf girl right?]

[Yeah, that's right?]

Havoc showed a puzzled expression.

[There is something that I would like to request ---]

Carlo grinned broadly as a certain idea struck him.
TL: If you're able to read JP, I do strongly suggest to read the raws because I don't think I can quite accurately capture the way how the characters express themselves. The protagonist's naivety and bochi-talk's mood (alone-talk) is particularly difficult to localize.










Chapter 4


TL: I know there are fans of this series, so I'm splitting the chapter into two parts so you guys can get it quicker. Typically the format of this series happen in this way. Chaos (the protagonist) go around creating misunderstandings, while the people in this parallel world react in various ways.

So for part 1, it will be about Chaos, part 2 will be the people's reactions. Future updates of this series will continue this way until the series stop handling the format in this manner.

For now, please enjoy and I'm sorry that it took so long to update this series. Part 2 should come tomorrow.

[Read more…]

In order to manufacture the necessary potion that was on my mind a few days ago, I look at the "Another World" wiki page on my computer today.

It has not been two week since Another World launched and there were many unknown information in the game, so the wiki was frequently updated.

As expected, the first VRMMORPG in the world had a great degree of attention on it.

I do not really like to rely on the strategy guides in the wiki, but it is painful to gather information about production when I have no information on it in the first place, especially when the game world is so big.

At least I need to gather the minimum stuff on it right?

I load a few webpages available for public viewing regarding item manufacturing.

There is information detailing the lowest ranked potion to the highest ranked potion in it. There are potions for HP and MP recovery, and there is also Elixir, which recovers both HP and MP. (TL: I took Final Fantasy's Elixir as a name for the item.)

There is also detailed information on the monsters and where to gather the materials written on the webpages.

I should remember them as quickly as possible.

I thought that it is still early in the game, but the players have progressed quickly in the game beyond my expectations.

Perhaps there might be some of the ridiculed game addicts players working hard in the game who do nothing more than eat, sleep and play.

As expected, I am unable to abandon reality and delve into this game to that extent.

I don't have school activities, so I spend 2-3 hours on my weekdays, and the majority of my holidays on this, and it's quite enough for me.

...... Maybe it's quite a lot of time spent on this game? W-well in any case, I'm thankful for the detailed information from these players.

It seems like the Sahira grass can be made into the lowest class potions. The other potions need two different types of materials and above, but the recipe was quite easy.

Well it was easy to get Sahira grass, but the high quality Sahira grass that I got for my quest was not. It might be possible that it is going to be difficult to procure the materials for high quality potions.

Although there is no need to make a potion in a hurry, I am also worried about receiving an ambush just like the killer bees that crept up on me. Fortunately my HP is low and even the lowest quality potion can restore it fully. (TL: There is something seriously wrong with your logic, lmao.)

Conversely, the MP was different from HP which can be restored quickly over time even if I have very little of it left.

I had 3 lowest quality potions from the start and I used them twice during the killer bees battle. In order to be safe I should make 10 of these potions.

I log into Another World, and entered the item shop. The first impression I have of the item shop is something similar to a general store that sells daily items. The items in here are arranged and packed tightly, and commodities like rope and lanterns are available for use on the road.

There were certainly potions available, but the selection was only limited to the lowest quality or low quality potions.

........ Why were there only these types available? Or the other types have to be manufactured upon request? Well, never mind about that now, the first thing I want to do is to make a potion.

[I request to make potions.]

[Yes, how many would you like to make?]

The person who replies is a child who looks like an elementary school student.

I cannot really determine from his appearance and voice over the counter, but he looks like a boy as he wore trousers. I take out 10 stalks of Sahira grass and pass it over to him.

[Please make me 10 potions from these 10 stalks.]

[Understood. The commission to make 1 potion is 15 copper coins, so in total the fee is 1 silver coins and 50 copper coins.]

The store sells a potion for 30 copper coins, while a stalk of Sahira grass sells for 10 copper coins. As I thought, it was relatively cheaper to bring the Sahira grass in and make them. I pass the money over when I am satisfied with the result.

[Will you wait a little? I will make it immediately.]

The boy took the grass, cut it up and smashed it with a mortar skillfully. The process of making it from scratch was reflected in my eyes.

[Guest-san, are you seeing the process of making a potion for the first time?]

[Ahh, even though I know about the ingredients for other potions, this is the first time I'm seeing a potion made.]

[You know about ingredients? I am certainly envious. As I am a practicing apprentice, I don't know other ways to make a potion......] (TL: The boy's words are polite and he uses "Boku".)

[...... Does it mean that you only sell two types of potions because you don't know the way to make other potions?]

The boy is momentarily dumbfounded before laughing. If I have to say what kind of laughter it is, it is filled with wry bitterness.

[No, that isn't it. It is difficult to gather materials because the monsters gather in a pack. Even though requests have been made to the adventurer's guild, it is still difficult to get the materials.]

In other words they can't provide the potions if the quest is not cleared. That's quite troubling. If this quest isn't handled it might interfere with my future activities. I should confirm once with the event window to check if there are any changes to the quest, and I should stop by the guild as well.

[Guest-san, will you please teach me about the materials to make other potions? Even though I'm just an apprentice I would like to study.]

The boy looked up with timid eyes. Cute...... S-stop that, I don't have that kind of interest in that area.

Still, the AI in the NPC is is truly showcasing itself. The freedom to converse is high. Even with my low communication ability, I was able to talk naturally. Usually the answers are gotten from searching the internet, but when it comes to fellow people's queries, I want to answer them seriously.

And it's quite refreshing to have a setting like an enthusiastic apprentice.

有りがちなO定だがこうもリアルに好少年している奴だとついつい暝したくなる。 (TL: I have no idea what this means. If I really have to TL it, it would be "It's a common setting where one is like a good youth in real life and people wants to help them subconsciously"?)

I'm unable to refuse him with cold words. In any case, perhaps it's okay for me to teach the information that is available for the public. Maybe there is going to be a new event from this conversation?

....... In no way this is because of the upturned eyes from this girly-looking boy who's overly cute.

[I got it, that's fine with me.]

The boy broke into a wide smile and thanked me. I naturally lit up with a smile as well because of that.

[Chaos-san, thank you very much. Thank you very much!]

The boy ----- Pipin ----- waved me out from the item shop.

Because of his eager attitude, I taught him the various names of the potions, mana potions and elixirs. Then I taught him about the materials to make them, as well as the harvest locations and monsters to him.

He especially wanted to ask about elixirs in detail. Did he want to make them?

But the truth is the wiki is the amazing one --- I felt a little guilty as l left the shop.




TL: I'll say my next update for this series will be end of march or something.
[Read more…]

The shop assistant in Meldor's item shop arranged the items in the shop as usual while attending to the shop patrons.

His hair was light green with chestnut colored eyes, and along with his gentle features, the young shop assistant was easily mistake for a young girl when people saw him in uniform.

His name was Pipin.

A 11 years old alchemy apprentice working as a shop assistant.

Just very recently the ratio of work and study gravitated towards work a great amount. He had to work a long time as a shop assistant and he had to replenish the potions that he sold. The reason was because his father was busy gathering the materials.

Besides requesting the adventurer guild to gather the materials, he also went out everyday to gather. The past him was an adventurer and an alchemist. Even though he had to retire because he became unfit, gathering the materials near the killer bees or the monsters near it was still not a problem. However, any materials that were of the intermediate rank was a little much.

The monsters' activities intensified, and gradually it became impossible to supply potions that were of the intermediate and higher ranks. Although the adventurer's guild did their best in gathering the materials, the placed was governed by creatures with a giant body and the face of a pig - Orcs. They held the passageway to the area and they were numerous because of their fertility. The amount of materials harvested was little.

Even though potions are ordered from the capital and other towns, the quality of the potion was usually affected when they were sent here and rendered useless. The appearance of intermediate potions in this town disappeared.

But if this continued it would be impossible to fight against monsters. For that reason, the strong adventurers in the town gathered and protected the potion's materials at fixed intervals. There were a few adventurers who took on the job of gathering high quality materials, but the intermediate potions were sold out within two days. This was why he went out frequently to gather materials.

And to the worry as to who was going to tend the shop, Pipin took the role as a shop tender. Even though he was interested in playing, he was clever enough to understand the situation and helped out, eventually taking care of the shop all by his own.

His mother was in another world and he only had his father left.

He was proud of his father who worked hard to gather the materials, so he had a strong wish to support him. Still, even though he understood his situation, he felt it was hard to suppress the loneliness when his father was not around, so he buried himself in work.

Today he met a customer.

He was a youth who looked like he was 5 years older than himself, with black hair and eyes.

The customer requested to make the lowest ranked potion, and he did so by mixing the materials just like how his father taught him. There was time involved in grinding the potion, so most of the customers either looked at the store's goods or went out of the store to do something else.

But the customer stared at his work. Was it really that rare to see someone make a potion--- Even though Pipin was embarrassed, his loneliness from his father's absence made him try to talk to the customer.

The customer replied that he knew about the materials to make a potion, but it was the first time he was seeing one created. Conversely, Pipin knew how to make a lowest ranked potion, but he had no idea what materials were needed to make other potions.

His father did not teach him, for the reason that he was still not skilled in mixing delicate materials --- Although that reason was valid, it was also the fact that there were simply no materials to work on as it was difficult to gather them from the Orcs' region.

Pipin simply thought that he was insufficient in skill and could not be taught yet.

The customer asked why there were only two different types of potions in the shop

Does this person not know what the circumstances are now ---- he felt a little gloomy and looked properly at the customer. He probably just came to this town. So Pipin explained the situation about the materials and the monsters.

The customer could be seen contemplating thereupon.

He looked like he was troubled, as if he was considering the negative effects of the interruption of the supplying of potions.

But Pipin was not able to do anything about the situation even if he worried about it, so he tried switching to a topic that he was curious about, the materials to make potions.

He knew almost nothing about the other potions because his father was busy, and he wanted to study in advance to surprise his father--- and then get praised ---such was the boy's feelings, so he inquired the customer about them.

Pipin's father, Nash, returned home on the very same day when the sun set. Pipin had finished closing the store and was preparing for a late dinner.

[Otou-san, okaerinasai.] (TL: I'm preserving the flavor text here. Basically it's, welcome home dad, in polite terms. )

[I'm back, did anything happen today?]

Nash gently stroked his son's head, and Pipin closed his eyes as if he enjoyed that.

[Today right, there's a customer called Chaos-san who came over.]

[Chaos? I never heard of him, is he someone staying in town?]

[Yes. It looks like he came here for the first time. Chaos-san taught me a lot about the materials for making other potions, including the monsters in the harvest locations.]

[This bastard Chaos taught him this!] Nash's attitude towards him turned for the worst.

He tried to be gentle in order not to break to his cute son's joyful face.

[You are really passionate for this, Pipin. However it's dangerous to gather materials on your own because of the monsters, okay?]

Nash tried to get his attention as much as possible.

[But that's not all! Chaos-san really knows a really great deal. He taught me the recipe for mana potions and elixirs.] (TL: a, I tled that as elixirs.)

Nash tilted his head. He had heard of mana potions as they were used for recovering a magician's mana. The materials to make them were simply not available in this region.

However he had not heard of elixirs.

[Pipin, what is 'elixirs'?]

[It's a potion that restores health and mana together.]

'It's amazing right', Pipin's beaming face was saying that.

'That kind of miracle like medicine does not exist, and it's more like a fairy tale to deceive Pipin---' Nash's evaluation of Chaos dropped rock bottom.

He mildly admonished Pipin that he had been deceived, but his cute son said that there was no such thing.

So Nash decided to confirm there was nothing like that and asked him in detail about the recipe.

---- But all of the material names were correct and there were indeed named locations in his description. Furthermore there were names of lost ancient places that Chaos taught to gather the highest ranked materials.

Nash was tongue-tied.

How should I determine this ---- Nash had a hard time judging the accuracy of the recipe. Apart from the highest ranked potion, the recipes to make the other mana potions and health potions were correct. And so he could not dismiss the highest ranked potions were lies.

Furthermore, Pipin strongly insisted that he was not lied to.

It was a really huge thing if it turned out to be true. The first thing was the location for creating elixirs. It was in the west of Meldor, a different place where Orc governed the north, and there were far less monsters in the west.

Ant there was only one kingdom, Castalla, that was researching substitute potions for the highest ranked potions. If the highest ranked potion was successfully manufactured it would be be an advantage in politics.

And even if there were problems in the recipes, it would still serve as good research right?

.......... It might even be possible to build up great wealth from this.

In the end Nash was unable to judge and decided that he had to ask someone of higher qualifications. And so he took a pen and began writing

Author's note: By the way, if potions are kept in the inventory slots, it won't degrade.













Chapter 5 - First party (1)

[Gathering of the materials for intermediate potions? No can do, that's not a place for a rookie to go alone when there are so many orcs.]

The male receptionist at the adventurer's guild ----- Carlo heard my request and replied.

..... Hmm, so it's a no huh.

There are limitations to receive a quest.

One of the limitations is levels.

If one does not exceed a certain level, it is not possible to apply for the quest.

Most likely, this particular request has some corresponding conditions.

My level went up again, up by one to reach level 6 after the killer bees battle.

It seemed that there are many quests that I cannot take on, perhaps these are recommended quests only for parties.

A party, hmm......

For this type of MMORPG, there are more players who group up together to accomplish things, rather than have solo players doing stuff. This is called a party.

There are merits like receiving the protection from allies in a party, the group can continue longer and fight against stronger monsters.

The de-merit would be splitting up the XP from monsters to all the players.

During the beginning, a single person would be more effective to gather XP by moving alone, although there are things that need to be avoided with the lack of an ally's support skills, and it is move effective to in a party compared to having just high levels.

'It is far more enjoyable to talk with your allies instead of continuing to play alone' ---- And with that reason many people group up.

Well that is how the previous MMORPG works, and perhaps it's the same in Another World.

But, there's a need to join a party at some point right?

If I think about it, I kind of regret about missing the opportunity during my first meeting. (TL: He refers to the girl she met in the forest for the first time.)

If I got to make friends with that person, perhaps I would not need to be troubled over the partying issue right now.

To be honest, I remembered stuff regarding partying in the previous MMORPG that I played. In that game, that was a feature called 'Party Matching', which would display the information about classes and level if players wanted to join in.

At that time, I did not know much about MMORPG as a beginner and I tried registering as one who was looking for a party. But no matter how long I waited there was no voice to alert me that a party had invited me.

At the end, my name was the only one which was left in the Party Matching window, and the day ended with the players who registered later than me getting invited. (TL: ...How unlucky can you get. How bocchi? Are you the universe's unluckiest man?)

Even so, I continued to register myself in the feature, and I finally got invited on the fifth day.

When I entered the party in high spirits, the person who invited me apologized as he replied, "Sorry, I wanted to invite someone else." He explained in detail, --- He had keyed in the words wrongly and he wanted to invite the player below me, as he fulfilled the recovery role ---

That day my heart was broken and I logged out from the game. (TL: ...)

After that I later learned that my profession had decent firepower with lots of interference skill which was used in PvP fights and not really useful for hunting monsters. It was a trap profession that was only useful for parties who were masochistic in nature.

Therefore I tried inviting the players of other professions on my own, but the people took a look at me and......

Respectfully rejected me and said that I should party up with players of the same profession, but the fact remained that these players were left alone in the Party Matching list. I felt a strange sense of camaraderie with these players, but I decided to play alone.

Even though I had fun in that game, I would still like to think that it would not happen this time round.

The class 'Magician' is a DPS type and this sort of thing should not happen like the previous time, I hope.

In any case I should try and level up so that I can hopefully get the quest, and I'll think about the stuff regarding a party again.

Or should I check with Carlo to see if there's any new quests?

But what's with that man with the unshaven face nearby me? Huh? What is going on?

[Hey, if you're applying for this quest, can you do the quest together with us?]

.............. P, Pardon?

What did you say just now?

[The truth is we don't have enough manpower for this quest. We're still on the lookout for someone appropriate, are you willing to join us?]

Eh, did I just got invited?

Really?

[...... Why does it has to be me?]

Before I knew it, my voice came out.

That is because there were a dozen bald brawny-looking people within the guild that looked like they had been burglars who had deep scars on their faces.
(だってギルドにはスキンヘッドやに深いをった\をやったほうが似合うんじゃないかと思うほど屈そうな男が十数人ほどいる。 Not entirely sure if TLed correctly.)

I am not sure if they are players or not, but even if the possibility is low for all of them to not be a player, it is still fine to choose them right?

Well, since it is a game, it does not mean that their appearance would necessarily be linked to their strength.

It is possible to have a scene where a small girl with the body of a child carry a huge weapon and freely rampage around. I personally think that there is not much of an advantage to invite a low level player like myself. (TL: I wonder if that really happens in MMORPGs. Usually their weapons are appropriate for their body size.)

[You're a rookie right? Actually, I have two newbies in my party right now. In order to train them I'm applying for a request, but it's difficult to take care of them with handling the quest with just just our numbers, indeed. If it's possible I'm searching for another rookie to party up with them.]

....... I see. So that's the reason huh.

When you group up and defeat monsters, there are certain pattern as to how the XP would be distributed to party members.

One of them is where the level difference between the members in the party exceeds 10.

For example, it is possible for characters of level 15 and level 5 in party to receive XP, but if there is a member with level 4, he would not be able to receive XP no matter how many monsters are defeated.

This is the way of curbing extremely high level players bringing along the low levels to level up, and in particular, this method is called power leveling.

There are several reasons why they do not recommend such acts.

The first is how low level players rely too much on others, and they are not able to learn from hunting themselves, and turn out to players with low skill.

Such players are easy to make their allies their victims, and they tend to be unpopular with other players.

Another issue was the monopoly of such hunting grounds, and could develop into quarrels and become exposed to the internet, easily leading to further troublesome complications.

There are also things like supporting the rookies with powerful support magic or lending them strong weapons to aid them with Power Leveling, and it is difficult to separate the lines from people who just want to aid the beginners.

I personally think think that it's not too good to help out too much, as one would be able to enjoy the game better.

Returning to the topic at hand, I think there is a voice that calling out to me.

....... How fortunate I am!

Perhaps I can get along with them as a start and be able to join their party from then onwards, this invitation that I received is so amazing! (TL: もしかしてこれをきっかけに仲良くなって今後もパ`ティ`に参加しないかなんて嵴Tをしてもらったりしちゃうんだろうか！ Seems like he's becoming delirious with glee, but I'm not sure how to TL this...)

I try my hardest to suppress the joy in my face which had a grin on it.

No, not yet. I need to know what the exact quest is as well as what kind of members there are.

Depending on the combination of the party instead of becoming a force, it is possible to become baggage instead.

It is a quest for my first party.

If possible I want to succeed as much as I can!

I also don't want to give that embarrassing impression to them that I'm happy from getting friends as a Bocchi player. (TL: Not sure if I mentioned this, but Bocchi usually points towards school students who choose to be on their own or doesn't have friends.)

Restrain yourself!

[..... Before that I would like to confirm the request, and the party members-]

I carefully make sure that I don't have any signs of delight in my reply.

The man with the unshaven face acknowledged it with understanding.

[Alright, then could you come over. I'll introduce my allies. Ahh, I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Havoc. I look forward to work with you.]

Havoc brought me over to a table with three people, and it seemed like they were his party members.

[Here, lemme introduce them. These are the members that are applying for the quest as well.]

A man with brown hair and blue eyes carried a long sword on his waist, and there was a metal breastplate over his shirt. He had a considerably impressive figure. He looked like a nice youth as he smiled when he looked at me.

My impression of him was a refreshing person who's in the sports club or something.

There were two girls as well. One of them wore a slightly thick blue and white dress -- A magician's attire? -- And she looked like she was about twenty with short purple hair and eyes.

The other girl had long ears ----- An elf.

She had long gold hair and red eyes, giving her an intense appearance.

She had a leather breastplate and carried a quiver on her back. There was a bow next to her and she's probably an archer.

[I'm Chaos. Please take care of me.]

[Liam, yup, please give me your regards, yup.]

[I'm Emilia.]

[..... Cornelia.]

After I greeted them, the sports guy, gentle Nee-san, and the elf girl introduced themselves.

Judging from their appearances, I think they are a warrior, healer and archer.

A warrior with a shield can attract the attention of the monster while there is healing support from the healer. The archer can attract distant monsters and support with ranged attacks.

The balance of the party isn't bad.

Along with my firepower, the overall strength should be passable.

Since the party limit is six people, there won't be a problem here.

[Since the greeting is over, I'll talk about the quest. There has been some testimony from eyewitnesses. They saw a group of Kobold in the southwest and this time it is a subjugation quest. The rewards will be distributed in the participating members. You're good with that right?]

It's a reasonable place. I nod with agreement.

[Then we will set off as soon as we're ready. It shouldn't take more than a day. The party leader is Emilia, please follow her instructions.]

[Please take care of me, Chaos-san.]

Emilia gracefully bowed.

A window popped up after that.

[Emilia-san has invited you to her party. Do you accept?]

..... Of course it's an OK!

I joined their party with my heart in it.












Chapter 6

The southwest of Meldor is a grassland.

The view of the area is very clear so it is unlikely to be receive a one-sided attack.

In exchange, there is a certain problem that exists......

Cornelia's mood seems to be bad.

Why is that, does it has have anything to do with me?

Could it be that she wanted to enjoy things with her friends, and a stranger like myself who joined their group did not please her?

As for the other two, it was not really a problem. Rather, it's progressing quite well.

Especially Liam who's good at talking.

In conclusion the setting for the game is quite extensive. The monsters are becoming active because of the Evil God's revival, and the orc in the forest area located in the north is currently led differently, and their large numbers are becoming a troublesome issue, and because of that the Intermediate potion materials cannot be collected and people are trying to find solutions for that.

It's not only the change in leadership. There might also be bosses around.

The NPCs here are incredible AI, so it's possible that there are AI monsters skilled in leadership.

After that the topic went to daily stuff--- Talk about our family and where we came from.

Liam was born with five other siblings.

Conversely, I was the only son and I felt a little envious of him. After that I learned that his family was not particularly rich, so he was sent out to work.

Still, Liam has entered society hmm.... (TL: I think this means that the protagonist is already working.)

But having a ValGear which is at such an expensive price and to play Another World so much ----- Is it that, he's just like me who got selected?

But when the topic comes to Cornelia's family ---- No, when the topic comes to her father, her mood takes a turn to the worse and the topic naturally ends.

I don't know why her mood becomes so bad, I wonder if she hates her father or something.

But listening to stuff about family for the first meeting. There is really no manner in it.

And thanks to that the atmosphere becomes even more awkward.

I really feel like running away.

I wish someone can break this mood.

Emilia stops walking. Can it be possible that we reached our destination?

[Emilia-]

When Liam calls out to her, Emilia places her finger over her lips to signal for them to be silent.

Due to this unusual indication, Liam pulls out her sword, Cornelia readies her bow, and I hold my staff out.

There is nothing around us, and the only thing that we can see is grassland. There is no indication of any monsters.

But there is a faint sound that we could hear in our ears without mistake, 'zuzuzu' ----- This strange noise, what exactly is it?

What should I do in this situation.... Ah, I forgot all about it.

As I think about it, I remember that and display the Map Window.

This is a solution to an ambush. I was attacked from behind in the previous battles with the killer bees, and I thought of various ways to deal with an ambush in the blind spots.

Zooming in the Map Window will display the monsters and humans with colored codes.

If this is utilized before anything happened, one will know where the enemy is trying to ambush us.

My party members are indicated in green in the Map Window, and the orange color are foes that have not recognized us as enemies, while red color are foes that have recogized as enemies --- And there are six red color marks surrounding us.

[Everyone be careful! There are Giant Moles here!]

I'm not sure if it is an reaction to Emilia, the soil bulged upwards and launched towards us with a breaking sound.

I dodge it by stepping to the side right away.

Liam seemed to have received some damage to his leg as he dodged because the enemies are near him.

HP Bar --- The HP and MP of the party members can be seen in the bar graph --- I can see that the damage done was not huge.

That's because the defense for a warrior is high.

[Tch! How dare you!]

Cornelia's clicked her tongue as she released her arrows into the rising soil, but even though it pierced through the earth, there was no effect to it.

Giant Mole, that is a considerably troublesome foe.

They are below the ground and it is hard for us to attack from our position, and they keep aiming at our feet with a hit and run tactic, which makes it hard to escape here.

It's a simple but effectively disgusting effect.

Using [Mana Bolt] on the ground, although it could gouge the earth, was not an effective measure with the Moles digging away in the ground. There is also the issue where the power is weak against them as the Giant Moles are level 10.

Emilia smashes onto the ground with her mace where a little of the Giant Mole's head can be seen.

While a healing profession should be weak, she is still of a higher level character at level 13. (Cornelia and Liam are level 8, I am level 6.)

The Giant Mole which got struck looks gory, but it is a little scary when I see the mace covered with blood moving back and forth.

What should we do about the rest.

It seems to be hard to attract them to get Emilia to defeat them.

The timing and level difference made the risk much too high, as a single blow could end someone as weak as myself.

Mana Bolt which could gouge the earth away, while Cornelia's attack is ineffective because of the earth --- Of course!

[Cornelia! Aim for the enemy after my attack!]

There was no time for confirmation as to whether she understood my intention. I released a Mana Bolt to where the Mole was moving towards.

The stretch of earth flew up where the Mana Bolt struck, and the appearance of the mole could be seen.

At that instant, Cornelia's arrow pierced through the mole, and it screamed as it arched its back upwards.

Because of that arrow, it was unable to escape into the ground easily. In that gap, Cornelia shoots again.

Soon after that, the same attack is repeated with two more Moles.

The rest of the monsters...... One was defeated by Emlia, but the rest of them were in a critical position in our flanks!

[Chaos, they are coming from the left!]

[Spider net!]

Even though the thread did not reach into the ground, it caught the Giant Moles when they surfaced from the ground.

[Leave them to me, Haaa!]

Liam's long sword ends the Giant Moles which moved slower.

[Sorry, that was reckless of me.]

Liam apologized with his head bowed.

Actually, there really is no way to handle them when they came right beside you right?

[Don't move about when I restore you Liam. Heal!]

Light like a fire lit up from Emilia's hand, and after receiving that shower of light, the injury of Liam's foot recovered.

[Thank you Emilia. But what exactly are you doing Chaos?]

[I'm gathering materials from the Giant Mole.]

I lay my hands on the corpses of the Giant mole, and start recovering materials and items from the dead body. After that the body and blood disappeared.

I thought the items and drops will automatically go into my inventory when I defeated a monster, and I did not know know that I have to take them from the dead body.

Well it can't be helped that I missed that knowledge from the manual since the amount of things in it is massive. I even blamed it on bad luck when I did not see any drops from the initial forest wolves that I encountered. It was a waste now when I think about it since I sold them at a pretty decent price.

But the Giant Moles that were done in by Emilia is too grotesque. The head is a goopy mess.

This RPG has been rated as R (and advised in the system again that there is a cruel depiction of events)., and might be too much for people who can't stand violent depiction.

Ah, I'm resistant to such images since I have watched guro films.

....... But everyone looks surprised, why is that? Are they bad with guro stuff?

---------------------- Cut line -----------------------

Cornelia was not enthusiastic about this request.

Her love of cleaniness and her sense of ethics made her feel disgust.

On the other hand, she understood it was a necessary task.

Furthermore, since there was a discrimination towards elves and other subraces, as well as the fact that there were very few female adventurers, she was unable to join many parties. In order to pay back to the party that did not mind her presence, she accepted the request with much reluctance.

But her feelings were displayed on her face almost like she was still someone young and could not hold back.

The boy who accepted the quest together with them --- Chaos, with black hair and a normal appearance.

Even though he looks like he was unfit for fighting because of his weak-looking body, Havoc had described him as an amazing rookie.

No matter how they looked at it, he didn't appear to be a second or third son of a noble acting as a commoner from somewhere.

As he introduced himself, they looked at him once again just before they set out. He looked like he was tolerating something with his grim face.

'Ahh, did he notice it---' They wondered if he noticed this farce. (TL: So I'm not sure if it's a single person or the entire group in this 'farce event' the narrator is talking about.)

His standpoint did not really allow him to tell this to the other members.

In order to make this request a successful one, the girl who could not hold back her feelings merely kept her mouth shut. (TL: This particular line uses 口をぐ, and it probably means sew one's mouth shut?)

Liam was decided in advance to be the talker since he was of the same age and gender to collect information.

And in exchange, Emilia and Cornelia was to be the observers.

First, Liam tried to inquire about how much Chaos knew about the surrounding area.

The rumors about the orc and Evil God's revival were famous in the surroundings, no, in the kingdom.

But Chaos nodded like he did not know anything.

He seemed to not know anything at all, and only listened to the stories. They wondered if the expression that didn't contain much excitement or pride they saw before they left was his a natural reaction.

Next Liam talked about the birthplace.

He said that he was from called OSAKA. (TL: Katakana Oosaka.)

They had never heard of a kingdom called OSAKA, and thought it was most likely a faraway country from a distant land.

It seemed that he was a student.

Probably a student somewhere from a school that taught them how to become magicians. Even if you travel everywhere in this kingdom, only the capital has a school like this.

A skilled magician is something that a kingdom wants dearly, but it's normal that only young people from nobles or affluent people had the chanceto attend the school. Unless one had some quality attribute to them, people with low birth could not go to school.

They wondered if this rich youth who came from such a faraway land was due to his training in magic.

Then the topic moved to his family. He did not seem to have any siblings, and his father was working a job called 'SALARYMAN'. (TL: Haha.)

SALARYMAN ---- What exactly was that?

For magicians, most of the time bloodlines had a significant impact. If the parent is a mage, then his child would also become one, and it's something that's vice-versa as well.

Taken from the information from the previous talk they had. His father would have the financial power and conncetions as a magician to send his son to school.

A SALARYMAN with high income probably meant that his father was a high ranking magician like a Court Magician or the equivalent.

'Doesn't he have a splendid father----' Cornelia thought about it with much envy.

'My own father, huh----'

When she thought about herself and her father's face, her disgust floated up to her expression. The difference between their fathers made her feel miserable.

The gazes at Cornelia come back to her senses.

Chaos and Liam's talk came to an end.

It was apparent that they felt her taking a turn for the worse, and she apologized in her heart when she saw Liam's reproachful look.

'What are you doing really---' She fell into self-loathing.

In a few moments Emilia noticed the presence of monsters.

The elf who had better senses than others did not notice it as her concentration had fallen due to prior events.

She readied her bow.

The enemies appeared from the ground. Giant moles---- It was a troublesome opponent.

Liam was injured by them, and Cornelia clicked her tongue as she should have noticed them earlier. In response, she fired arrows at them but there wasn't any effect.

Chaos cast magic as well, and it was clear that he used magic like any other magicians.

It was an elementary magic spell, and was one that did not have much firepower to it, and it was not enough to defeat even one Giant Mole.

It was a little anti-climatic.

They had heard of his exploits as a magician and thought he had powerful magic.

Perhaps he was stronger than their magician rookies, but they wondered if their opinions about him were over the top.

The battle continued and they kept thinking on how to handle the situation, but the only solution they thought could only be when the Giant Moles appeared from the ground.

[Cornelia! Aim for the enemy after my attack!]

Chaos yelled for the first time ever since he introduced himself. It seemed like he had a strategy.

Chaos released his magic again, and the result was just like before--- not.

The magic that only exploded before and did nothing, revealed the appearance of the Giant Mole now.

His control of his magic was terrifying.

'So that's what you meant!' ---- The girl who understood his meaning immediately aimed and shot at the Giant Mole.

The conclusion of it kicked in an instant.

Even with his control, the thought to capitalize his allies in an instant---

It's no doubt that he would become a splendid adventurer.

At the opposite image of this splendid person, Cornelia felt the differences between them and felt increasing frustration.

Even though they should be rookies, he was much more calm in reading the movements of the monsters, and came up with a strategy to compensate with the lacking power.

His magic was not dramatically overpowered.

It was about the same strength as her who held a bow, so it should be easy enough for her to catch up with him. She started wondering if she should learn from his actions.

It was a little too much to request to monitor his actions now because of a guilty conscience, but it should be fine to look at his techniques from the side.

Respect and envy could be seen in her gaze when she looked at him.

He moved over to the Giant Mole and started harvesting, and it was just like the rumors had indicated that his harvesting skills are first-class. She thought of that was she tried learning from his actions.

But the corpses of the Giant Mole disappeared after he handled it after a while.

[..... What exactly are you doing Chaos?]

Liam looked at the empty air with admiration and stupor in his heart.

[Eh? I'm harvesting the loot from them?]

Chaos answered like it was a natural thing.

'.............. Is that the magic for storing things...................'

The girl thought there were more things to learn from him than expected.






Chapter 7 part one


Kobold - A demi-human with the approximate size of a human child within a fantasy RPG, and most of the time it is a monster that is something of a small fry. Some of the games made them that way.

Incidentally, the original folklore came from Germany where it was derived from mischievous spirits.

It's just really a little bit of trivia, but perhaps it's really a useless actually.

But there are other fantasy RPGs along with [Another World] which has a dog-headed monster with the physical appearance of a human appearing.

They have appearances of a creature that is drooling which would make people think of a rabid dog.

...... It might be difficult to lay hands on them if they were made to look like a cute puppy.

We are in the midst of pursuing one right now.

We had seen one by chance and we are in the process of defeating it, when---

[Looks like this is a scout. Since this is a rare chance where it did not discover us, let us follow it and defeat the other kobolds in this area-]

Emilia says, and we follow her words.

This world is big enough that we followed for twenty minutes, but because of the hills, we are able to pursue it without us being discovered, as we hide constantly in the shadows of the rocks.

We discover a dilapidated house and something that looks like like a cave.

[It appears to be an old tunnel. Perhaps it's an abandoned mine that was made by humans, and the Kobolds settled down there.]

[Then let us go inside, alright---]

Emilia carries a lantern with one hand, as Liam heads in first.

The insides of the tunnel is surprisingly wide, and there are no sides road that I can see right now.

At times I can hear the pitter-pattering sounds of dripping water drops and the occasional howls of the kobolds. Nearby our feet are scattered animal bones that were the results of the Kobolds' meals.

I am started to feel bothered by the rotting smell. There is really no need to make things to appear like reality here, hmm.

After walking for a while, we leave the cave.

The lantern's brightness shows there are about ten Kobolds.

In any case, they have discovered our presence due to the light, and they are already in a battle mode.

Our side is also prepared for battle and ready to clash with them.

If I am to state the conclusion...... Perhaps our battle with the Giant Moles earlier had made us stronger.

There are many Kobolds with the level of 5~8.

Their simple attacks consisted of waving their cudgels in a disorganized manner.

There are ten in front of us, and twenty of them that appears behind, but Liam mowed them down, Cornelia pierced through them, and Emilia smacked them till they turned into corpses (of course I fought too-)

By the way, everyone leveled up.

Because of our improvement, we cleared the second wave of Kobolds even faster than before.

Even one level of improvement is of tremendous help.

Honestly, is there really a need for my help.....?

Why did they invite me?

Havok's level restriction would have affected him if he entered our party.

What if that was just an excuse?

But why would he lie......

.......... C-Could it be PK?

PK ------- Player killer, which is players hunting players and not monsters.

Some games avoid player killing, but [Another World] has set PK to be possible.

Assassins' skill in anti-personnel and crowd control will increase in damage and effectiveness the more you PK, as the system rewards you accordingly.

アサシンなんて人椁い妨害スキルやＰＫすればするほど威力がくなるスキルを持つモロＰＫ推Xもあるくらいだ。 (Not sure if TLed right)

Although there are demerits to that, PK is an accepted gameplay.

Also, the people who find fun in PK is certainly not zero.

That really means.

That there are people in a party luring newbies into a party.

They progress into the quests in order to lure them into desolate places.

Once the quest is over, they would bare their fangs once I am unprepared.

This place is very much far away from the streets and there are no signs of people appearing here.

Even if someone attacks me here, no one would come to my aid right?

T-this is bad. They are stronger than me, and on top of that, there are three of them, I cannot see myself winning here.

[What's wrong? You have a frightening look---]

Liam turns around, but his face does not look like he is a nice youth because of the terrible lighting conditions. Somewhere along the lines, he looked like someone eerie instead.

I have a vision that the sword dripping with the Kobolds' blood swinging on me.

I desperately stop myself from making a sound.

[What's wrong with you?]

Cornelia asked with a distrustful face.

It is actually me who wants to ask you if you intend to PK me.

But I did not say anything because I feel like an arrow would fly back at me if I do so.

Even though I did not see her in a terrible mood, and her long golden flowing hair that has three braids on her left side suiting her, that beauty now has become frightening.

Damn ittt, she is so beautiful but she is a such a disappointing (残念) elf doh (-め suffix). (TL: 残念 - zannen - Not satisfying but it remains in the heart; unwilling to accept it.)

[What is it? Is there any problems?]

Emilia who felt fear during the Giant Moles' attacks look over at me.

You're making me look like I have a serious problem here.

W-what should I do? I only feel like there's a PK waiting to happen.

If I am wrong, it will be utter humiliation.

If they did not do something that is out of hand, I cannot attempt to move first.

Should I escape as soon as possible?

No, wait, they have three people and an archer who has strong ranged attack. If I escape without planning it will be pointless.

Logging out will mean that I will be defenseless for ten seconds, and any attacks will cancel my log out.

Using the Spider-net magic to try and escape is also impossible.

The spell might reduce the speed in moving and attacking, but it does not affect the arrows from an archer.

Escaping from them is impossible. If my prediction is true, reality would be me losing with an arrow in my back as a reward.

It is fine if I'm attacked, I should just prepare for battle at any given time.

If they attack me, I will prepare by readying my staff anytime, and since I leveled up and got a new skill, I will ready myself to use it and wait for them.

Therefore. The atmosphere surrounding us changed.

I am so anxious that I make a sound in my throat.

And in the darkness I see a human-like figure appearing.

Is this be your accomplice!

I stare behind Liam and see a dull object being raised.

..... No, that's not someone friendly!

[Fire arrow!]

A flaming arrow flies towards Liam's direction.

[Chaos! What the hell are you doing!]

Cornelia yelled.

The flaming arrow that is as bright as the lantern flies past Liam, and strikes something behind him.

[Gyah! What the heck..... Ehh!]

Liam yelled in a reproachful voice before he realized something was amiss behind him.

The Fire Arrow magic spell had lit the place and burned in a small area.

The flames wrap something that is moving about. More importantly, it is becoming clear as to what the situation is.

There is a skeleton monster!

[A Skeleton---! There are other monsters here!]

[I see. No matter how you look at it the Kobolds are too weak. It is probably because of the skeletons staying here that diminished their numbers.]

[Then the way how you emitted so much killing intent to warn us is your goal right?]

[You realized there's something over here huh. As expected of you---]

........ No, wait, why are you reading so much into it

I am actually more scared that you were going to PK me, but I simply saw a skeleton monster behind you.

But I cannot convey that to you.

.............

[It's a fluke.]

Even though Liam says I'm too modest to the point of being disagreeable, it is really a fluke!

Why are you looking at me with such respect, stop it!

Your gazes are really painful!

Utter humiliation!

I am on the alert because I am suspicious of the reality that you might PK me --- I can't spit that out!

I think my face is really red now, but I don't think anyone realize that.

In the end the results are good, but what will happen if it's not for the skeleton?

Thank you, Skeleton, for being there.

You saved me, truly.

If I think carefully there really is not many advantages to PK me.

I don't have a lot of gold or item with me.

Even if you organize a party to PK, why would they want to invite me from the town that has so many people on the streets?

Even if they want to PK me, they would have done so during the hunt which would be more efficient.

I wonder how terrible is the misunderstanding.

There probably is nothing worse than that right?

I am really the lowest scum. Even though they had invited me with a pure heart --- I truly do not have the face to look at these nice people.

Therefore I should take my distance from them temporarily after the quest is done.

After the quest is done, we return to Meldor to receive the rewards and I log out quickly during the daytime.




TL: I was playing overwatch the whole day yesterday... Mainly because I was trying to break the 2000 points barrier. I got 1997 points and it hovered around there for a while before I dropped to 1800s. Simply mortifying to be honest. I am now seeking for pros to carry me above 2000 points so that I can sate my OCD. (cough)

I'll be heading off later to send my friend off at the airport.










Chapter 7 Part 2

The door to Meldor's adventurer's guild opened.

The person who entered was Havoc.

The other party members who were with him, Emilia, Liam and Cornelia, were already relaxing at the table.

[Then, how's Chaos?]

Carlo asked them.

They had been requested by Carlo.

To investigate and observe the newcomer Chaos who was suspicious.

[I followed that fellow when he separated from you, but perhaps I was discovered and he disappeared by moving elsewhere. I investigated the inns but there was no sign of where he is staying. The gatekeeper also said that he did not see him, just where did he go.....] (Havoc)

Havoc sighed as he had already gotten used to his disappearing acts even though he tailed him.

He had been observing Chaos constantly from the outside.

[Perhaps that is not unreasonable. Earlier, we were negligent after we defeated the Kobold, but Chaos sensed the skeleton before we did and became vigilant. It might be possible that his scouting abilities are very high.] (Emilia)

Emilia interjected.

[Ahh, that was quite dangerous. If Chaos did not spot it I totally might have gotten hurt, yeah.] (Liam)

[He was warning us by giving out killing intent. Sheesh, it's good enough if he just warned us by speaking out.] (Cornelia)

Cornelia mumbled. But blaming Chaos's action did not prevent her from smiling faintly.

[Maybe he wanted to act instead of speaking? Perhaps he was not certain of the facts, I would think.] (Havoc)

[It's really easy to mistake that killing intent for him trying to hurt his allies right? When that flame arrow approached me, I thought I was going to get hit.] (Liam)

[You're really a coward.....] (Cornelia)

[But Chaos is really skilled. His magic spells are accurate and once he realized his spells are not doing much, he combined his tactics with Nelia (Cornelia's nickname), to make the best use of his abilities. Also, the choice to use a fire magic spell, was probably to target the undead's weakness.] (Emilia)

[This is really beyond expectations. His battle sense is really high. Also, the materials that are collected are magnicifent. Did you see how he did it?] (Carlo)

Carlo's question made everyone look perplexed.

[How do I explain it...... He sank his hand into the monster's figure like magic, which then disappeared---] (Havoc)

[And the next thing that happened, was how he cleanly took out the materials..... How does he make a body disappear?] (Cornelia)

[Teleportation...... No, I think it's some dimensional magic, but I don't understand the logic behind the material gathering.] (Emilia)

[So he used magic to gather the materials, but all of you failed to spot the most important procedure...... Hah---] (Carlo)

[Do you not understand the crux of the situation---?] (Cornelia)

Cornelia yelled with fiery anger at Carlo's thoughtful humming.

[It's outrageous no matter what way you slice it! First it's that ridiculous weight he's carrying and the mysterious dimensional space that makes bodies disappear! Then the way how he makes the materials appear processed when it does! I don't know how he does it, but one has never heard of something like that before, so tell us where did you think the bodies went!] (Cornelia)

Everyone's head nodded.

That was something that should not be talked about.

It was better for everyone's mental health that it had to do with magic.

That was the conclusion of everyone who saw it.

[Ahh, I got it. Therefore calm down! Alright, did you find anything about his origins?] (Carlo)

Carlo changed the topic at Cornelia's angry look.

[He's a student from a foreign called OOSAKA (katakana) or something. He doesn't seem to be a spy, but he might be a traveler with the goals of studying magic.] (Liam)

[I think he only came here recently because he doesn't know any rumors regarding about the kingdom. His father's job seems to be called SALARYMAN (katakana).] (Liam)

[I think he's the son of a magician, and he's currently a student. I think his father probably holds a position equivalent to a Royal Court Magician.] (Cornelia)

[But his equipment is really mediocore for a noble. He doesn't have any expensive items at all. I really find it strange that he has zero items worth mentioning. But it is a different thing with a hidden storage magic] (Havoc)

[I want to ask a bit more details, but Nelia.....] (Carlo)

[About, that..... I'm sorry.] (Cornelia)

[Well that's fine. In the first place Chaos is probably on the alert. I was speculating as well. We can only reveal what information that we have.] (Havoc)

「まあ、いいじゃねぇか。初っ端からケイオスの奴は警戒してたようだからな。こっちの思惑にわざと\ったんだ。明かしてもいい情螭韦叱訾筏郡螭坤恧Δ琛 (TL: I have no idea whether I TLed this right.)

[I think he also predicted my request. His insight is really good good.] (Carlo)

It was probably obvious to Carlo as well.

So it was pointless to remind him again how ridiculous it was.

There was certainly no thoughts that Chaos was a newbie.

[His battle sense, material gathering are excellent, and he doesn't balk at the task of helping out his allies. Furthermore, his insight towards things is also great. He doesn't have a problem in his behavior either...... The mysteries just keep piling up, huh. He's really a promising adventurer.] (Carlo)

[At least he's not a type that you would doubt. In fact I want him in my party.] (Havoc)

[Hmm? You want that excellent adventurer all by yourself, well that's not really a problem with you...... Do you want him?] (Carlo)

[....... Hold on! Even though it's fine to invite him, but I want grow a little stronger first. We're going to drag him down if he joins us, so I'm going to decline.] (Cornelia)

[I also agree with Nelia. At the very least I want to become someone who can walk side by side with Chaos, yeah.] (Liam)

The newbie duo seemed quite keen.

It seems that the existence of Chaos had made them spirited.

Havoc could not hide his joy at the unexpected influence.

[Come to think of it, I feel that my sword has become lighter during our fight with the Kobolds, yeah.] (Liam)

[You too, Liam? I felt like my abilities in the bow has increased...... How did that happen?]

(TL: This is a side effect of partying up with Chaos. Normally NPCs don't have that level up factor, and this fact becomes a really serious deal later on in the series. If you think it's all light-hearted misunderstandings...)









Chapter 8 - Heading to the capital

Ten days after the PK mistaken incident.

I did several quests during that time, and before I knew I became level 11.

I am still playing on by myself as usual.

I occasionally see Havoc and his group from time to time, and would feel a throbbing pain in my heart from the guilt, so I nod lightly to them if I meet them.

But there really isn't a conversation between us......

Well putting that aside. The acquired number of skills have increased considerably, but there are also problems that come from it.

The first problem is the enemies' HP have increased to withstand being one-shotted.

Even the Intelligence Stat continued to increase the power of the Mana Bolt, monsters that have the same level or higher than mine could not be taken down by just 1 Mana Bolt because of the lack of firepower.

The newly obtained skills are certainly powerful, but the MP consumption is also high, and it takes a long time to recast and fire off repeatedly, making it common that I receive a blow from the monsters.

Because of that another problem is emerging.

The problem of the effectiveness of potion replenishing my status. Even if a magician is weak with certain stats, once the level goes up, the stats will at least increase somewhat.

With the increase of HP, I am able to withstand one or two hits, but the value of recovering the numbers have also become bigger, and the lowest ranking potions is unable to restore it.

Currently I'm using a lower grade potion which is one grade above the lowest grade potions, but it still unable to lead to a sufficient recovery.

In addition, I am unable to get mana potions in Maldor.

As mentioned before, the more powerful the skill is, the higher the MP consumption would be.

Even though my MP can recover on its own, the meager amount of MP recovered is unable to allow me to use the skills consecutively, and the consumption quickly exceeds the supply.

The MP of a magician is also higher than his HP, so it takes a long time to completely recover the MP.

If I'm attacked during the time I'm recovering, I have no choice but to strike back with a staff.

Is there another means of recovering MP other than using a mana potion --- There are two ways.

One would be the MP absorption skill [Mana Steal].

The name is as it sounds, it steals the enemies' MP and replenishes my own mana.

However there's a reason as to why I cannot acquire it, and I need to explain the conditions as to why I cannot do so.

In order to acquire skills, one would need [skill points].

Skill points increase by 1 every time I level up, and I either strengthen my skills or acquire new ones by using the skill points.

Reinforcing the skill increases the effectiveness, power, range, cooldown, and faster casting time.

The only drawback it has is the increase of MP consumption.

For example, I have increased the level of my Mana Bolt to LV3.

....... I recently feel slight regret as I should have allocated the points to stronger skills.

Then again, thanks to the increased in effectiveness, I was still able to use the skill even till now.

Going back to the acquiring of skills. Skill points are the first condition to acquiring a skill, and there might be other conditions to fulfill before a skill can be taken.

The second condition is the acquisition route.

The skill window shows everything clearly, and it is a tree structure with the initial skill as the Mana Bolt as the first skill at the top.

The skills beneath the Mana Bolt Skill are stronger and more convenient, but there might be adjacent skills that need to be taken before the skills below them can be taken.

In other words, if I have Skills A and B on the upper row, and Skill C on the lower row, I will not be able to acquire Skill C if I don't acquire Skills A and B.

Because of the limited number of skill points I can get from the level up, I will not be able to acquire all the skills I want. If I want to acquire high firepower spells with great range, I will have to take on a certain route in order to acquire the skills.

Mana Steal is a skill that will take me out of that route, and acquiring it requires a lot of skill points, so I have to give up on it.

It is impossible for me to recover my MP by that skill.

Another method is [enchantment].

Enchantment is done when special materials are added during the production of weapons and defensive gears to give unique effects.

For example, there can be an increase in attack speed and resistance to attacking attributes.

Some unique enchantments can restore HP or MP if it deals damage to the enemy, and recover HP or MP by a few percent of the damage dealt.

It is certainly very compatible with high DPS magicians, but the materials required are rare items and hardly distributed.

Because of that, the only way to recover MP is to use a mana potion.

However, Maldor has no mana potions.

So there's a need to change my location.

I am thinking of my next destination.

The capital of the Casstal kingdom, Maukuto. (TL: マウクト = Maukuto, I don't have a good name for this yet. Any reader wants to name the capital?)

It seems like it has more stores compared to Maldor, and it is a suitable place for me to upgrade my equipments.

I should prepare for my trip immediately.

Moving to Maldor took a week, but I hope my trip this time will be shorter.





TL: This part is full of long lines without punctuation. It was hard translating this... The official book version wasn't much help either because it differed quite a bit from the web version.










Chapter 8 Part 2 -



[Ohh...... It's finally completed!

The man who was past middle age raised his voice in great joy.

A funnel, a mortar and a bottle filled with black liquid were scattered in the vicinity, and the smell of chemicals was everywhere.

The man who belonged to the Royal Magic Research Institute of the Kingdom Casstal - Izrael did not care about his trifling title as he stared at bottle of medicine as if it contained rare jewels

Everything started from a letter.

It came from a former student who lived in Meldor.

Although he rarely exchanged letters with him, he was uneasy about the contents as it was not what he had expected.

A new type of medicine --- [Elixir].

A mysterious potion that had the effects of both restoring health and mana, to sum it up.

Although the letter did not describe the manufacturing method, the materials were described in detail as to where it could be gotten from Meldor's area.

It seemed that the student's son who ran the store heard it from an adventurer and asked if the medicine existed.

In addition, the adventurer talked about the highest-ranking health and mana potions, and where the ingredients and harvesting grounds could be found.

Naturally Izreal had not heard of the Elixir potion.

Even though he heard legends about the terms Erikusa, Erikusha, the medicine was at best an imaginary medicine. (TL: Erikusa, Erikusha = Elixir written in katakana form.)

He had been trying to research on how to make a medicine like that.

As expected he had not thought to be able to make a miraculous medicine, although he did think it was possible to the extent that the medicine was slightly more effective than usual.

It was easy to dismiss that making an elixir was impossible, but it was hard to believe that his student was lying.

He also had no memories of combining different ingredients to make something like that.

What he researched on was the effectiveness of a health potion based on the ingredients, so he did not think to use something completely different to make it.

So he simply tried it out.

It was fortunate that the materials were available around Meldor. It could be taken from there and was possible to order immediately.

If it was a lie, it would quickly become obvious.

He forgot about his own research and started to work on it with a little expectation.

That was because he knew how hard to make a new potion after researching for so long.

--- And he did it.

He had challenged the lowest ranking Elixir potion, and was trying to make an Intermediate Elixir potion using the same method.

The shock from making it caused him not to have memories about it, and he was stunned on the next day when he woke up like it was a dream. When the finished product was placed in front of him, he was in high spirits to the point where it was unsuited for his age.

From then on, he secluded himself in his lab every day.

Although it was impossible to make a potion beyond the Intermediate level, he thoroughly researched mixing and extraction of the ratio of ingredients, and completely finished making the Intermediate Elixir potion.

Such was his joy that he raised his voice involuntarily with him saying that it could not be helped.

His old research had reached its final stages, and a new path came before him, in the form of the Elixir potion.

However, once he completed the discovery of the Elixir and calmed down, he had trouble dealing with the discovery.

The student most likely faced this problem, and he consulted the researcher for this reason.

The director of the research institute was someone greedy and the possibility that he would take all the credits was high.

The achievements was originally due to the adventurer, and thanks to that he had hesitations.

In the first place, how did the adventurer know about Elixirs?

A quest to search for such materials --- There was nothing like that.

There was no need for a client to hide the collecting of materials for the Elixirs or the highest level potions.

But if it was kept a secret, why would an adventurer talk about the existence of an Elixir potion?

(TL: Idk how to translate this properly. Izrael is thinking about the reasons why Chaos revealed the secrets about Elixirs, but the logic kind of looks ridiculous to me anyway.)

He had learned the existence of the Elixir potions through the deciphering of past relics and artifacts --- That possibility is also low.

Then it was probably the adventurer wondering if he had the right information.

In order to check his accuracy, he talked to that boy running the store to confirm the accuracy. And he also taught him where to search for the materials.

But if that was the case how did the adventurer know about the Elixir potion?

The adventurers would not have bothered to teach a young boy running a store.

Then it was for the sake of showing off that the new medicine was comparable to the research everyone was doing and they had insufficient knowledge.

Was the adventurer a foolish man that did not know the value of what he had --- Or a sage with unthinkable knowledge?

He had thought about this compounding craft to come from another country, but as long as they had such advanced techniques, he would have at least heard rumors about it.

This would ultimately mean an individual possessed this knowledge.

Why would that sage teach what the materials of an Elixir potion were and where to get them?

It was not strange for the Sage not to know how to manufacture it.

Just why did that adventurer do that?

Indeed, the information was lacking --- First he should ask his student to talk to his son and introduce the adventurer to him --- No, Izrael thought he should ask the adventurer himself.

He should not lose a chance to meet the sage and look for him personally.

He really wanted to meet him. Just how much did the sage knew if he did not know how much value the potion was?

He wanted to know him. To touch that abyss of knowledge.

Then he must inform him of his achievements.

The Elixir was a tremendous achievement in both military and craft.

With the increasing threats from the monsters and the menacing orcs from the the north, the army was considering to dispatch troops.

If they were equipped with the Elixir potions.

The mana and health potions did not have to be carried separately and the common sense of logistics would change completely.

It was not good to talk to the director --- Then it would be someone ranked higher -- The highest authority in the kingdom, the king himself.

If His Majesty knew about the value of this sage, he would silence the greedy politicians, and invite the sage to the research center.

Even if it was one person there was a need to have talented people.

That nameless Sage, Chaos.

Who exactly are you--- Izrael thought of the unknown sage he had not seen.


 

 



Chapter 9 part 1 - The Mansion, the Girl, the Wizard

--- This XXX!

A face was distorted to one of fright when he saw the girl in front of his very eyes.

This expression was not limited to just one person, a large number of adults also had their expressions colored with fright.

All of them hurled verbal abuses and violence directed at her.

This was the scene that was displayed in front of her time after time.

---- It's a scene that I'm tired of seeing of.

Elizabeth's eyes opened slowly as her dim consciousness started to clear up.

As she got up, she fixed her short hair and tidied her dress, then walked out from the room.

She took the same usual position at the window to look outside from the house.

This was her only daily routine.

Her light blue eyes captured the world outside of this room.

The young girl gazed vaguely at the scenery that did not change.

Even though it was a scenery that did not change in the girl's eyes, it was the sight of colors changing upon the four seasons.

But she was also tired of looking of the changes.

She looked at the scenery for simply that long.

Although she was unable to touch the world outside, in spite of the world not changing when she looked outside from the house, it was something that she did everyday with the faint hope of discovering something new.

But she had given up.

Therefore her actions were now meaningless, and only done out of habit with the former shell of herself appearing at the window.

If she could leave the house she would have gone outside.

But her body had always been weak and she had never gone outside even once.

She was still unable to leave the house.

This was the reason why she looked outside all day long.

Today's scenery would continue like it had always been ----- The girl thought.

But there was a change in the scenery.

The scenery that had never changed had a foreign something mixed into it.

It was the sight of a single boy.

(That's ---) Elizabeth's body drew back by reflex.

In her memories, everyone except her father treated her badly.

In order to hide herself she got up from the chair and peeked at the boy's figure from the shadows.

It looked as if the boy was currently fighting with monsters.

The monsters were a type of undead with decaying bodies, and called zombies.

This area had plenty of zombies which hated the living and bared their fangs at travelers.

The travelers who were killed also joined the undead's fate.

Therefore travelers avoided this area and was why people were rarely seen in this area. She wondered if the boy did not know that.

However, when she looked closely at the boy she found that he did not have a robust body.

In fact, it was safe to say that he appeared delicate.

If this continued perhaps he would follow the same road like these undead had taken before.

But the powerless girl was unable to leave the house and unable to help him at all, and the only thing she could do was to watch over him.

The zombies rushed at him with large opened mouths.

At that moment she thought he would be eaten by them, arrows of flames were released from the staff that the boy was carrying.

The flaming arrows struck into their mouths and lit their faces on fire. They writhed painfully but continued to move towards the boy.

In the face of that sight, he shot purple lighting many times at the surrounding zombies.

(Is that boy a wizard?) ----- She gasped as she did not expect that delicate boy to be so strong.

Even though her father was also a wizard, she had never seen him fight before.

She wondered if wizards were all strong like that boy.

The boy's actions did not stop there.

At the zombies which did not move any more, that boy touched their bodies and erased them.

It was as if he was taking revenge and did not even want to leave even one speck of dust behind.

(This is bad---) The girl's alarms were ringing.

It was fine that he defeated the monsters. However that boy was dangerous.

(What is going to happen if the boy discovered me?)

Elizabeth did not wish any harm to come to the boy, but perhaps he could have taken it as her forsaking him without aiding him.

(What actions would the boy take if he thought of her that way---) She became fearful as she thought about it.

She prayed frantically and desperately that he would not come to the house.

But the boy slowly made his way to the house.

And ----- met eyes with Elizabeth.

=============== Girl's POV ==============

This is bad this is bad this is bad!

He saw me. I need to hide myself quickly.

I need to leave the room and think of where to hide.

Going to the basement --- If I do this only at this point of time, I might bump into that boy and that's dangerous.

On the second floor, there's my father's room, the study room, the storage and my own room.

My father's room is no good. There's nowhere to hide in the storeroom.

I can't think of any place to hide myself other the closet in my room.

I run to my room and enter the closet as a last resort.

At roughly about the same time, there was a knocking sound that resounded through the house from the floor below.

I shake fearfully and devoutly prayed for this storm to pass.

A door opens with a 'giiii' sound --- and footsteps could be heard next.

It seems like he did not have any desire to search the first floor and the basement, as expected he definitely saw me.

The sounds of walking up the staircases soon changed to footsteps on the second floor.

Please go to the room where the window faced the outside, or the other rooms, or go pass this room ----- I pray earnestly in my heart.

I will try and flee to the first floor or the basement during that moment.

The footsteps are coming nearer...... Please don't come any nearer-----

The footsteps stop with a light tap.

Then the doors to the closet open.

A boy who is much taller than me, with black eyes and hair and wore a cloth mantle over his body, looked down on me.

How did he discover me straightaway without any hesitation in his footsteps?!

I gaze at him with endless suspicion.

But I am unable to read his expressions, and what came back from his eyes was perhaps anger inside of his heart, and I become restless.

I remember his merciless actions to the zombies and I am so overwhelmed with fear that my face starts to twitch, and to escape from him I shut my eyes.

「@かせてgまない」
[Sorry for frightening you]

The boy said with a clear tone.

=============== Part 1 end ============

TL: As you might have guessed, the boy is Chaos. I included the raws apology for all its glory :x

Please report any Engrish errors.





TL: I actually want to TL a R18 JP novel for fun (ever since last year), hmm. I'll probably want to put TSTBGAM on hiatus for a while, if I TL that. Anyways, I'll fix up any Engrish errors tomorrow, so please report any mistakes if you spot any.

[Read more…]

The girl timidly opened her eyes and looked up at the boy who had an awkward expression.

...... What exactly was going on.

The boy had an expression that suited his age and was completely different from the impression she had earlier.

Elizabeth thought he was not as scary as she had expected.

[Erm...... are you not going to do anything to me?]

[No.]

The boy answered. It seemed like he really did not intend to hurt her.

The taut feelings within her were released and she sighed with relief.

...... It seemed like the boy was more reasonable than she expected, and it seemed like it was going to be a favorable situation for her.

Perhaps she would be able to realize 'that' after spending so many years thinking about it.

(---This monster!)

But the instant the thought of hope appeared in her mind, she suddenly remembered these words.

Maybe this boy was the same as the other adults.

She was an abnormality, someone who was different from humans after all. And it was clear that she was an abnormality upon first sight.

Was he not afraid when he noticed for what she really was?

She looked uneasily at the boy, but he did not appear to be scared.

[Erm! ..... Are you not afraid of me?]

Silence filled the room. Elizabeth bit her lips tightly.

[I'm not exactly scared---]

[Why...... Why exactly!?]

She yelled out loudly.

Everyone who knew her was feared her.

There were people who cursed her, there were people who swung swords at her, there were people who ran out --- Every action they did in front of her was filled with fear.

The reason as to why was because she was ---

[I'm already dead. I'm a genuine ghost. A monster. My body is transparent, and---]

Because, a ghost---

Was an existence that people detested.

It was an abnormal existence from humans.

But it seemed like she was not the only abnormal existence around.

[Even though you're a ghost it doesn't mean you would attack people. Then it's fine---]

The boy answered.

He was someone who had a different common sense from this world.

She was stunned by the boy's words, and when she understood the meaning of her words, her tears fell.

Once her tears fell she was unable to stop her tears, and began to stand there crying softly.

[I'm sorry.]

Elizabeth apologized with a blushing face.

The gaze that was full of kindness made her blush even more.

[Don't worry about it.]

The boy waved his hand to show it was a trivial thing.

[My name is Elizabeth. Onii-san's name is......]

[I'm Chaos.]

[Chaos, is it? Why did you come to such a remote place?]

From Chaos's words, it seemed that he was on traveling from Meldor to the capital.

As he passed through the mountain path, the number of attacks from the undead suddenly increased, and after moving from the place he fought, he discovered this dilapidated house by chance.

He saw Elizabeth by chance and came to take a look.

Since Elizabeth had never left the house even once, she did not know where Meldor or the capital was.

She asked Chaos what they were like.

Chaos answered that he did not know what the capital was like since he was going there for the first time, but he talked about the adventurer's life in Meldor.

They were experiences on doing quests and joining a party for the first time.

There were plenty of words that Elizabeth did not understand, but she found everything new and listened attentively.

How long had it been that she was so lively?

Ever since her father died, she had never spoken up until now.

She felt the world that was faded was suddenly filled with colors.

[Meldor roughly felt something like this.]

[Thank you very much, Chaos-san. I really enjoyed it very much!]

[...... Is that so?]

Elizabeth thanked Chaos who spoke for some time.

She thought he was scary in the beginning, but realized he was really a nice person.

She wondered if he was able to do something.

[Chaos-san, I humbly request of you to destroy the orb in the basement.]

The basement in the house was her father's laboratory, and created often made magic items there.

She rarely visited there from the time she was alive, and even until she had became like what she was now.

When her father was still alive the basement was properly cleaned, and the impression that the books, specimens, and magic items were arranged properly, but it was dusty now after long years of neglect.

The spider webs were everywhere and made the place unrecognizable from its former self.

There was an orb sitting in the pedestal in the room.

[This?]

Chaos asked Elizabeth for confirmation.

[Yes. As long as this is here I am unable to leave the mansion. I will be released if this is broken. I can interfere with objects in this mansion, but I am unable to touch this jewel.]

When she tried to approach the orb, she was blocked by an invisible wall, as though there was a barrier blocking it.

[So please help me break it---]

[...... Understood.]

Chaos slowly swung his staff and broke the orb.

He did not feel any change within him, but Elizabeth felt that burden which had been suppressing her for many years disappear.

It was as if the chains around her had been released.

[..... Finally with this..... Thank you very much, Chaos-san.]

(Hah---- I'm finally free.)

Her dream had finally came true, and she trembled with joy.

Elizabeth hummed naturally at the entrance of the mansion.

The place that had always looked like a prison to her, was now just a door.

She resolved herself and opened it.

The doors that opened made the radiant sunlight pour through it.

She closed her eyes and advanced forward step by step.

--- She was finally out of the mansion.

[Thank you very much, Chaos-san. I have no more regrets---]

Elizabeth said with a beaming smile.

[I have something in the house as a gift---]

Although she did not know if it was going to be of use...... She thought with a forced smile.

Chaos's reaction was slow. She looked up slightly as she was curious.

His expression was ---

[You're really a kind person. I am really glad to have met Chaos-san.]

He was the only one who did not treat her like a monster, other than her father.

How much was her heart saved by that alone?

[Please don't have an expression like that. Thanks to Chaos-san, I can finally move on. This is my wish, so please send me off with a smile ---]

The girl brushed back her hair and smiled, and Chaos smiled back stiffly.

---- Thank you, Chaos-san----

============= Chaos POV =============

https://youtu.be/1FZv3ZY1dT4

- Crunch, crunch.

The quest is done.

On my way to the kingdom, I saw a little girl in the house, so I went over to check it out.

When I found Elizabeth with pink hair and a translucent body, I thought it might be a monster, but it was more likely to be a NPC.

Still, I was scared at first and was wary of her.

- Crunch, crunch, crunch.

When I talked to her in the room, I received a new quest.

The quest's name was [Release the captive soul].

After I investigated the situation, I found out that Elizabeth suffered from an illness and her body was weak, and her father tried many ways to do something about it.

But he was unable to cure her.

In the end, he finally reached the idea of keeping the soul here like the undead.

But that was not all.

Was it because he locked the soul here which became a bad side effect, or did it became a punishment for messing with life---

She bore the punishment of being born and dying of old age in a single day, repeatedly.

When I met her for the first time, she had the appearance of a little girl with short hair and covered with a rag-like dress, but when we parted she had grown into an adult female.

Her father tried various means to save her from this repeating life and death cycle, but could not solve the situation and suffered in distress as he took his final breath.

There was something like a corpse which looked like a mummy on the bed in one of the rooms on the second floor.

-- This was the setting.

Destroy the orb that cursed the dead and release the girl.

The reward was a staff that the father used to use.

- Crunch, crunch, crunch

This is the commonly seen downer quest in a game.

In a few hours, I think the quest will reset and she will return to this place, so another player can redeem the quest again.

- Crunch, crunch, crunch

Even so.

- Crunch.

Why am I feeling so wretched inside my heart?

Was I someone who was so sensitive and flooded with emotions?

If an onlooker look at this scene from a display screen from the outside, I think it will just be a somewhat sad event.

Is it because it's too realistic in the VR world?

That brought so much hurt from just a chance encounter?

- Crunch, crunch.

I thought about it.

Did I have any other way to rescue her?

But the quest can only be completed if the orb is destroyed.

Is her setting and existence not locked by the fact she was in a game?

It was only an event that allowed players to experience it over and over again.

In the end I wonder if she was really rewarded from passing in peace.

Crunch --- Therefore.

I dug a hole and buried both Elizabeth and her father's body.

I stab my staff into the ground that I have been using up until now as a gravestone.

I thought I could dig a hole like how the Giant Mole attacked through the ground in the past, but considering how I'm able to do something like this, I think the developing programmer must be a genius.

This action is probably meaningless.

Elizabeth will be back in a few hours.

So this is just to satisfy myself.

Even so, just one person like myself --- it's fine for a player to something absurd like this right?









TL:

[Read more…]

A reader suggested the capital's name to change Maukuto to Malcott.

This is the unedited version and I haven't checked for mistakes yet. I got a little too tied up in doing something else. I'll fix errors later.


Chapter 10 part 1 - Underground sewers

The Royal captital, Malcott----

The Casstal Kingdom's capital lives up to its name as it was much bigger in size compared to Meldor.

I wonder what kind of people are living in the castle town that spreads out radially, which is located right in the center of the capital and deemed as a symbol of the kingdom.

As expected, I don't think there was a million people in the streets, but the path was overflowing with lively people, and I was getting slightly dizzy from the crowded place.

I wonder how much time was needed to create such a huge city. I don't really know any details about the programs, but it must have taken much time, and I can't imagine how to go about it.

[I don't get tired of players even after more than a decade. I can seriously still create another world---]

I remember such a strong statement from the game's producer from an interview.

He did not lie at all. His company certainly developed a different world in the game.

Isn't this game amazing when it's the first VR game in the world?

It's because the developers in the game are amazing that the game is amazing.

The truth is many MMORPGs have a short lifespan.

It was extremely rare to have long selling games that continued their service for decades.

Some games that have no popularity end their service within a year.

Under the label of 'developing games' in magazines, some of them would fade out of the scene due to the development budget dwindling down.

If I think about it, creating such a world --- They must have spent a great amount of money to create Another World and aim to be a MMORPG that would last for a long time.

Even if this VR game had no title, it would still become popular anyways.

In fact, the fame of it on the internet is excellent.

[It's as if I tripped into a real different world], [The degree of freedom is too high, and I'm troubled because there are so many things to do and not enough time.], [The developers are too serious (RwwwQ)], [I feel like I have gone out and not returned to reality.], with countless good reactions like that.

That was why the reputation was high for the start of this service.

The closed beta which imposed a current number restriction would be over in a week's time.

I don't think it will be extended unless there is a big bug.

After that it will shift into an open beta with no restrictions of the number of people and once the test is over, the official service will start.

Although the official launch date has not been announced yet, perhaps it won't be too far away.

Putting that aside.

The castle town of Malcott has many narrow streets and it was a certain thing to become lost.

Thanks to the Map Window, I can still know where I am, but if I don't have that I will lose my whereabouts and be swallowed up by the amount of people.

As I wandered around the with the feelings of sightseeing, I roughly understood how the town is divided. The nobles lived in luxurious mansions near the castle, with another section that has normal looking houses like those in Meldor, as well as another area where the poor seemed to live. There were men in there who seemed to have bad intentions and women who looked like they were prostitutes. (TL: You know...... I'm actually kind of sure that the protagonist is only 15-16. How did he get an adult game www.)

The area where the mansions were built was covered up with walls and guards were placed at the entrance. While I was able to see the inside from the entrance, I could not enter without permission.

Naturally it would not be easy to enter the castle from this area.

Well for some RPGs, there is no friendly king who invites anyone inside to the castle.

If I think about it it's kind of rare, wait, more like there's no possibility to it.

Most likely there are quests that needed to be done before one can enter.

I'll leave that aside for now.

I should quickly accomplish what I came here to do.

First stop is the Item Store.

The highest level of mana and health potions, as well as elixirs were not sold, but other potions are on sale.

I nearly exhausted my supply of health potions on the way here, but fortunately this place sells middle-level Mana and Health Potions

Each one costs one silver coin, and the money I currently have was two gold coins and fifteen silver coins.

It was quite painful to buy twenty of them.

Can I still set up my equipment?

--- I am naive.

I moved to the weapon store and the armor store to take a look, and discovered that the selection is better than Meldor, but there were many of them that were too expensive and I couldn't afford the good items.

I think there is no choice but to stay at the capital and earn money for a while.

I only bought a pair of copper bracelets and leather boots to increase my defense stats, and head to the Adventurer Guild to apply for a quest.

The entrance to the Adventurer Guild had a row of young men and women, adding up to about ten people or so.

They are probably queuing up for the reception.

Perhaps this was the only place in the kingdom where it's overflowing with adventurers.

There's no helping it, I suppose I have to queue up at the end of the line.

By the way, the Japanese people are surprised at foreigners who recognized them as people who like orderly behavior to the extent of liking to queue up.

(そういえば日本人は外国人から@愕するほどy率が取れた行列好きの人NとJRされている。 TL: Sometimes I feel Jap authors like missing punctuation. I'm not sure how to translate this because I don't know ほどy率が取れた means. Anyone wants to help out)

During the times where a riot or disaster happens, maintaining order and queuing up to receive or distribute goods was something that the world commends on.

Even in MMORPGs, Japanese people also respects order.

For example, if there are quests where there are a limited number of monsters. (TL: Really?)

If queues are made, the quests are effectively dealt with and also prevent interruptions from other players.

Players who interrupt the order are exposed on the internet and treated as a mannerless player and subsequently dealt with as such.

There doesn't seem to be a sight like this in overseas MMORPGs, and comments like [it's strange to see Japanese people queuing up in the game], [Are you sure they are not bots?].

Perhaps the overseas people adhered to a first come, first served mentality and would vie for an early queue.

As such, preserving this order become our national character. こうした所にまで秩序を保とうとするのはもはやお国柄としかいいようがない。(TL: I'm not too sure about this line too. Reader T.Y has kindly provided some explanation to this sentence, please go ahead and read the comments section.)

In any case, it does look odd for the guild members queuing up wearing swords and armors.

Also, if I think from the monsters' point of view, it is disgusting to have the adventurers queuing up the moment to kill them when they appeared.

[It's about time, right. There are eleven here hmm. Well then, please come with me.]

I think the voice came from a female receptionist.

I wonder if the queue is finally about to move.

The receptionist is leading the adventurers away from the Adventurer Guild.

...... We're leaving this area?

Maybe because it's too crowded so the adventurers will be received in another place?

With that, the female lady leads us to the suburbs and enters a stone building. I see, so we're going to receive our quests here?

In the building, there is a staircase leading down to the basement surrounded with iron bars.

I don't see any other guild employees.

The lady takes out a key, opens an iron gate, and lead us inside.

[Then please gather back again in two hours.]

Huh, isn't this a place where the Adventurer Guild receives us?

Could it be that this queue was for something else and not for adventurers to queue up!?

This is bad, what I should do now?

When I think on what to do, the door closes with a 'kachang' and the lady left quickly.

....... I can't do anything about it anymore.

Should I wait for two hours?

But I'm also counted in the queue, and the quest might fail if I don't do it.

When I check the Event Window I saw a new quest has been added.

I think I have no choice but to do it.

...... Next time I'll make sure to check what queue I'm in for.






The Adventurer Guild in the capital Malcott of Kingdom Castaal has high wages as a workplace and quite famous as well.

However, while the wages are high, it is well known that the contents and process of the work are also harsh.

Thirty percent of the kingdom's population is gathered in the capital. There are many villagers and the poor around the capital who become adventurers, naturally picking up the necessary quests and became quite successful.

The excellent guild staff smoothly handles things and the operations proceed without a problem.

However, the supposedly excellent guild staff had a single problem child in their midst.

[Senpai, I have finished leading the adventurers to their destination!]

The newcomer Nina.

The girl who had chestnut hair in a short-cut style, has a cheerful appearance that matched her personality, and hold an irreplaceable quality of good impression to her surroundings.

But the girl had a deadly blundering side to her.

[Oh, you worked hard. Did you make sure to lead them without mistakes?]

The person who spoke with gratitude was in charge of teaching her was called Maurice.

Even though there was the uneasy feeling of her making a blunder, he was too busy and had to delegate Nina to lead the adventurers to the sewers.

[Yes, I made sure to lead eleven of them to the sewers!]

Eleven --- Maurice's face became stern upon hearing that report.

[You moron! What the hell are you doing!]

[Ouch!]

Maurice's knuckles flew over, and Nina held her head down with stars in her eyes.

Maurice took the quest's written request and thrust it to her.

[The quest stated ten names! Did someone slipped into the group---]

[Ehh, it can't be!?]

She panickedly look at the papers to confirm Maurice's words which were nothing but the truth.

[Before you led them did you make sure to call and confirm their names?]

[...... Ahh!]

[Haah...... For now, run over to confirm things. At least try not to screw up in the sewers.]

[Uuu...... I got it---]

[When you come back I'll lecture you again.]

Nina who was frowning over the matter of entering the sewers, drooped down her disappointed shoulders.

In the underground sewers of the capital, low level monsters like wererats spawn there.

These creatures have a weak threat individually, and it's quite rare for monsters to amass in numbers, there has to be adventurers who specifically enter the sewers.

That would be the new adventurers who were hired and a quest to let them test out against the wererats in the sewers.

Nina holds on to a lantern while she searches for the adventurers she brought earlier.

After checking near the entrance, the five adventurers she saw passed her checklist.

It seems that the eleventh adventurer is not there.

She summons up her determination and quickly proceeds inwards.

Even though she used a handkerchief as a mask, the rotting smell of a sewer was not lessened.

Her single set of footsteps rang out with an echo in the sewers and caused her to feel anxious, and her tears were combined with the foul smell.

She would pass by wererats from time to time as she entered deeper.

She continued for a while, but she could not see anyone.

In this dark and narrow space, her sense of time was becoming weaker. She started to consider if it was better to wait at the entrance at that moment.

She vaguely saw light in the front.

Finally she found other adventurers.

Her timid feelings began to improve at once, and she ran towards the light.

Even though it was unreasonable she wanted to complain.

As she approached the light, the figure of the person was becoming clearer

At the moment where she wanted to call out, her vision was seized by the sight in front of her.

There was a girl with shabby clothes and men who were hitting her.

Her thoughts froze.

(What was going on?)

It was clear that there were dangerous things happening here.

She needed to call people for help---.

Smack!

There was an impact to the back of her neck, and she lost consciousness.



Chapter 11 - The underground sewer's ghost

The underground sewers---

The sewers extends everywhere throughout the capital and is rarely visited by people because of the monsters that live in it. Its entrance is normally closed and monitored by guards to prevent the monsters from leaving. For that reason, people only enter when the Adventurer's Guild receives requests to undertake the subjugation of the monsters within, or when cleaning is necessary.

But if there are other reasons to enter the sewers other than the above, then it would be those whom people do not speak of---

The groups who have fallen. (TL: to become sinners.)

This is an excellent place for them because people rarely enter the sewers. There are no monsters who are at the extreme end of power and they also know the regular intervals when people enter, and they hide themselves and do not divulge their presence during then.

It is supposed to be that way. As long as there are no irregular events.

[Damn it. Today's the day when the adventurers are coming in! Watch your surroundings well!]

A man appear beside the unconscious girl with chestnut hair and shouts angrily.

The men who captured another shabby-looking girl apologize with embarrassed faces.

[Aniki, what exactly are you going to do with this one?] (TL: To be exact, that person called him Aniki, common yakuza slang for older/senior ranks, or older brother. Also there are 2 girls here, one is their kidnapped slave, the other is the girl from the guild.)

The leader who is addressed by them as Aniki think for a while.

[It's fortunate that no one else is with her, but we can't leave her behind when she saw us, yeah. We're bringing her along boys. If we stay here any longer we're gonna get discovered by the adventurers. Don't expose yourself when we return to the hideout, got it?]

[Got it...... Since we already got exposed to this girl can we get to enjoy ourselves with her?]

[Well---, do whatever you wish.]

[Hehe boss, I knew you would agree!]

The men cheered with vulgar smiles.

In order to prevent the girl from moving two men use ropes to bind and gag her. They then carry her off with glee.

It is fortunate that they have a complete selection of 'goods'. Virgins are included as part of the goods as many customers desire for them, and the subordinates would lower the prices of such goods if they are sullied, so the leader denied them from laying their hands on the goods.

Therefore they are more or less dissatisfied.

The leader even judged that it will be good to let them vent their frustration by killing someone.

The girl with shabby looking clothes --- Because she escaped from the hideout earlier the troublesome things have increased, but it is still in a state where they can recover from.

(We should get back to the hideout as soon as possible.) --- He thought.

She is part of the goods kidnapped from the slums. In this particular era where the monsters are running rampant, there are quite a lot of children left behind because their guardians or parents died.

There are always children who have no relatives and are unemployed. While the orphanages accepts such children, there is a limit to how many they could take in. They are unable to save all of them because of limited budget and the number of children they can receive.

So what happens to the leftover children?

The bigger half was mostly hanging on by a thin thread and dying, while the others did bad things by getting involved with stealing. These orphans who had nowhere to go, would grow up in the slums and stay there. Hence --- The kingdom which did not have a perfect management, was not able to detect if one or two child went missing.

In that sense, orphans are kidnapped and sold to customers as slaves--- This is the work that these men were doing.

In order to ban slavery, the kingdom has deemed this trade illegal.

But demand exists.

There are those who used them as pure workers, those who used them as outlets for sex, and those who used them as sacrifices for evil rites or even alchemy materials...... And all sorts of gruesome things that are not meant for public eyes.

As long as there are customers, the business for these men is established and the children that are unknown in the slums are kidnapped and sold.

This time they are stockpiling and confining their goods in the hideout because their delivery date is getting closer.

They had gathered information earlier and knew the adventurers are going to the sewers, so they hid in their hideout obediently in order not to be found.

However, the confined children went on a rampage and a few of them escaped from the confusion. They quickly caught their goods back, but there was one girl who evaded their capture.

Finally they caught and restrained the girl near the spot where the girl with chestnut hair was --- And now things had arrived to this point.

[Hold on, stop.]

The leader commanded his men and listened carefully. Apart from the water flowing into the sewers, there seemed to be something abnormal mixed into it, like someone's footsteps approaching towards them.

(Perhaps comrades of the girl with chestnut hair? Or adventurers?) --- The leader wondered.

They heard the footsteps clearly now from the insides of the narrow crossroads. It was still a distance to notice his men. It was a bad situation as they did not not know whether to catch that person or to let that person go past them. He decide to extinguish his lantern and hide in the dark, hoping for the person to leave in the other direction, but if he did not it would be good to attack him in the dark.

He makes that judgment and sent signs to his subordinates who understood his intentions and extinguish the lights and hide their presence.

The footsteps became closer and they waited with bated breaths.

Once the lights are extinguished, their eyes gradually got used to the dark and the leader focus his eyes. He is able to see the contours of their enemy slightly, and when he considered the footsteps as well, he thought it was only one person out there.

(Then it will be good if we attacked him ---) The leader scoffed in his mind.

(...... Wait, something is wrong.) There was a question that rose in the leader's mind.

The enemy only had a blurred outline but no appearance on him. It was difficult for them to move in the sewers for long distances without the aid of the lantern's light. In this near darkness, his appearance was completely unreadable, meaning that he did not carry a lantern along with him.

(Impossible---) It was difficult for adventurers to enter so deeply without the use of a lantern.

It was normal to prepare to prepare a light in order to do their quest.

(Who's this person? Why did he come here for? Or is it a monster?)

There were many humanoid-like monsters, but they have never heard something like that appearing in the sewers. The leader becomes confused at this strange figure. The subordinates also have uneasy looks with this atmosphere. The unknown figure came to the crossroads.

(Are you going to come to us or move off---) The men thought.

But their desires were in vain because the footsteps stopped. It seems like the figure stood there and did not move.

(Damn you, bastard! Did you lose your way or something? Quickly get lost now!) The leader shouted in his heart.

But the unknown figure is not even moving a little.

(Did you realize something is over here? Then why don't you do something?) The leader had the color of impatience on him. He had no idea what that figure was thinking when he stopped there.

His sense of time is becoming dull. They felt like they are trapped where they stood for a long time, even though a short amount of time passed by, and desperately held their breaths which are becoming rough.

Some men even fall into a state where they ask themselves how they got into this situation.

That person, moves---

(No! He disappeared!)

(What the hell is going on---)


They fell into complete confusion. They did not know what that person's intention was, and felt like they met something different from an undead, and more like a mysterious ghost.

There was no mistaking it, that unknown figure was gone.

[Oi, get the lanterns lit up now!] The leader demanded with a rough voice.

When they lit up the area they found nothing there. Their tension was gone and they exhaled with great relief.

Even though the area where they were at had putrid air and not fresh they simply needed take in air, even if just a little.

[In any case I don't want to know or have anything to do with that. Let's leave right now.]

Everyone agreed and went past the crossroad.

*Clank---*

A sound echoed from behind.

It was as if something was thrown from behind.

The men timidly turned around their backs.

There was a ---. A person was there.

(Impossible, it can't be. There was no presence just then. We just confirmed nothing was there earlier when we went past the crossroads!)

[Hiii---]

The person who was holding on to the lantern dropped it, and the area was once again shrouded in darkness. Everyone believed there was some unknown entity there, but this time it was different compared to before.

It was walking towards them.

[Shit!!!]

The leader throws his knife at the ghost. Even though he has not gotten used to the darkness yet and is not able to see the figure well, he is able to throw it roughly based on his position. There was also the fact that he could hear the footsteps in the water, so the knife should have struck it.

But the knife is cut down from the air.

The sound of the water being violently struck echoed against the walls, as though the figure had gotten angry from the thrown knife and is venting his anger by striking the water on the ground.

(No good, no matter how I look at it nothing's going to work---)

The men shuddered with fear. The unidentified ghost has treated the knife as a hostile act. The slow footsteps from before immediately came at them at a quick pace.

--- You have angered me. No mercy will be shown. ---

This illusion presented itself before them.
(If we get caught--- We're going to die. There was no mistaking it, the unknown ghost was aiming for us. If we get caught we're going to be turned into dreadful corpses.)

The men trembled with fear until their teeth were chattering. Someone took a step back, and as if they agreed to retreat together next, the rest of the men stepped back as well.

They were already in a state of complete panic.

[Uwaaaaa!]

Someone screamed while he fled. The terror spread and everyone starts running away as well. But the unknown ghost continued to chase them.

--- I won't let you escape. ---

The men desperately run as fast as they can to escape from the demon. They do not know where they are running to because of the darkness and terror. But if they stop they will become prey to the ghost. Even though they understand how many misdeeds they have done and do not think they will have a decent ending , they do not wish to die in a place like this.

In any case they run blindly in order to distance themselves from the ghost.

(--- How long did we run for?)

They can still hear footsteps in the water behind them. Their mental exhaustion had already reached its peak.

(I want to escape from the ghost and this darkness, what should I do---) These thoughts fill their minds.

[Boss, take a look in front of us!]

They see a place which is a little brighter from the distance. They wondered if it will help if they run to that place, and their desires come boiling up as they decide to clutch at this straw and run.

[Alright, let's escape to that direction!]

At their leader's command they run away with a final burst of strength.

They finally reach a bright place. After climbing up the stairs, they fall onto the ground at the same time because of their exhaustion. Their sweat came in streams and they keep breathing hard. They do not even have the strength to run anymore. But as a result of that, the ghost is no longer chasing them.

Everyone is relieved and even laugh as they got up.

[Ahh--- I want to hear something from you lot.] A sudden voice enter their ears.

The men are startled as they thought it is the ghost which chased after them, but it is a medium-build man who called out to them.

They saw who it was and released their guard.

[That girl over there is a member of our guild. She was late in bringing back the adventurers so I came to search for her. But somehow she is with all of you, tied up and knocked out.]

The space behind the man is filled with adventurers.

[Do you understand your situation? Well then, can you give us an explanation that I can accept?]

The sullen man speaks with a voice that penetrated them like a freezing cold, and a new fear is carved into the men's bodies.




TL: In case anyone's wondering the author hasn't updated in 11 months, and there are 63 chapters published so far.


[Read more…]


I'm regretting it.

The place I'm brought to earlier is the city's sewers, and the quest that I received is the removal of Wererats. It's a mouse hunt.

There's no problem in defeating them as the Wererats are around level 1~2. Rather, I should not be partaking in this quest when I consider my level. But since I got it, I enter the sewers in order to see it to the end properly.

However, I find out that the speed in getting rid of the Wererats is horrible because of the other players present in the sewers. I'm unable to fill up the quota for the Quest Clear.

To solve that problem, I start thinking of hunting deeper in the sewers where there won't be as many people......

Even though I won't get tired in the game, and receive nothing more than vibrations in the case of pain, but the sense of smell was completely replicated here.

It's as if the sewers have been faithfully recreated and the smell is awful. I feel like I'm walking in poison and want to puke.

In any case, I move further in to finish the quest as soon as possible.

Even though there's no light, I have the Map Window, and I feel it's okay if I stick with Fleming's left-hand rule and walk along the wall. I immediately realize it was an extremely naive idea. I know where my current position is and where the exit and entrances are because of the Map Window. It is why I am unable to imagine why that idea is naive.

The answer is simple.

There are obstacles in the area which are not displayed in the Map Window. The Map Window is just something like a rough map of the area, which is why it is not displaying the sewer rubbish in the vicinity.

Inevitably---

*Crash---*

I trip and fall because of the rubbish.

If there's a light, I think there won't be a problem in avoiding the rubbish, and I would be free from being painted with the underground sewer's water.

I have no choice but to get up and proceed further in. Surely from now onwards I will still have to go adventuring in caves and dark spaces. A torch or lantern or some form of illuminating tool is needed.

I want to finish the quest quickly, so I move with a single thought to find a mouse.

After a while, I find myself at the limits of my tolerance as I come to a crossroad. I really need to breathe in fresh air, and not be in a place with a rotting smell like this.

I stop and think.

The quota to clear the quest has gone up as I hunted them along the way, and I need just a few more to clear it.

Should I go back to the entrance and hunt along the way--- Hmm.

I decide to change my plan and return to the entrance instead. I can still endure this much...... But first I want to breathe in fresh air.

I logout while I think of that.

[Haaaah.]

I have revived. I take out Valgear and take in a deep breath. I had to log out as I am unable to bear with the sewer's air. I glimpse at the time. I should finish the quest quickly.

I replenish myself with enough air and resolve myself to prepare myself and return to the sewers.

When I return to the sewers there are a few players nearby. One of them drops their light source, and it became dark.

I wonder what's wrong, hmm.

While I ponder over their actions, I moved towards the entrance as my priority. However, I trip over the nearby trash and fall over with incredible force.

Darn it. I fell in such an embarrassing manner in front of other players, sheesh!

I hope they didn't notice it in the darkness.

I feel something passing by over my head, but as much as I look at my Map Window, I didn't see any monsters.

It's probably my imagination.

I can't stand this place anymore. I have to escape from this place as soon as possible. I run towards the entrance as soon as I get up.

The group of players is also running towards the entrance. Maybe they saw what happened to me and wanted to avoid a face-to-face contact.

I'm thankful for that, but I felt really ashamed and complicated inside my heart.

Well, let's just get to the exit.


Along the way, I found a few Wererats and hunted them to clear the quota. I finally got a Quest Clear.


When I reach the entrance, there was a guy who looked like the Adventurer Guild's staff member, and I reported that I completed the quest without any problems.

However, he apologizes to me for receiving the quest. As I thought, this was something unnatural. It's most likely a bug for me to receive the quest.

I thought this was the Adventurer Guild's staff member, but he seems to be a character operated from the management side to support the game. He's probably the so-called GM (Game Master).

As an apology, I got more than a normal compensation. I feel like I have made a profit somehow.

...... Still, I feel like the people in the surroundings are in a fluster. I wonder if something happened.







Chapter 12 part 1 - Awakening



Magician --- It's a profession amongst the other classes in Another World excelling at Area-of-Effect (AOE) killing.

...... That being said, there are only a few skills that one can acquire at low levels. In the beginning, there are only skills that target a single unit. The [Fire Arrow] skill that I learned a while ago can only target a small area (approximately 2 meters, and 5 meters if I raise the skill). It is hard to say that this class has AOE skills with this Fire Arrow.

That is until I pick up a certain skill.



'Saki (小鬼)' --- Goblins that reach the height of my chest. I fire a Mana Ball at them when they notice me.

The goblins that were hanging around in the back advanced to my position. I began casting my skill into the effective area that I measure roughly.

This skill's chant (cast) takes 7 seconds before it appears, and is surprisingly a bottleneck. (TL: Furigana, 唱, キャスト > chant, cast).

While it may feel like it's a short time, I can't help but think there's a large disconnect when it concerns life and death when the enemies are at such a close distance. I keep getting distracted to see if I can activate it early when I see the enemies approaching me with speed.

While I'm impatient with the thoughts of 'is it still not ready!', the skill finally activated when the goblins gathered at the place where I judged they would gather to.

A ball of light originated and appeared from my staff and went towards the goblins, and unleashed in an explosion of light in the region, swallowing up the place.

Blue flames covered the space over 15 meters wide, and I thought it was so stunning that I gulped before I realized my actions.

There was no sign of any movements from the goblins which were completely enveloped by it.


This ability was the magician's strongest AOE attack [Mana Explosion].

From the explosive flames, one might mistake it for Fire Magic, but it explodes from Mana and is different from ordinary flames, and effectively a magic with no attributes.

This is the most destructive skill of a first tier class as a magician I can have, unless I get a higher tier class with more powerful skills.


Even so, this is beyond my imagination.

The skill level is still level 1, and I can assuredly say that the power will rise with each level with my deduction.    (TL tsukkomi: What's that you want to say, Shirou? People die when they are killed? Oh Rin, you want to join in too? The Archer class really is made up of archers?)

And in spite of the flashy explosion, I felt it was quite mysterious no wind came from the explosion, perhaps this was still showing off that it's just a game.


This skill with such power has some flaws so that it couldn't disrupt the game balance.

The conclusion is that it cannot be used repeatedly. There is a problem with MP consumption and re-casting time.

Since this magic consumes about one-third of my Current Max MP, I can only use it three times, even if I have Natural Recovery for MP.

Every time I leveled up I have practically poured my points into the Intelligence stat, my MP ought to be pretty high, but taking a third of my MP is a huge consumption.

Also, there's a cooldown of 45 seconds to cast it again, and I can't use it during then.

If I raise it to the maximum level of 5, the skill's cooldown can be shortened to 30 seconds, but there is no method that exists to get past that limit (the current wiki confirmed there is no reduction in cooldown even when there's an enchanted boost.)

As mentioned before, MP can only be recovered by natural recovery or using Mana Potion. However, there's no current way to use Mana Potions freely. (TL: Because they are too expensive or something.)


Incidentally, I used to wonder how the potion series are used; if it's put directly onto the affected part or consumed.

The answer is both of them could work.


When it came to MP, I tilted my head and wondered how Mana Potions were used, but applying it onto the skin will work. Compare to the Mana in the atmosphere, the Mana Potion is much thicker and putting it on the skin allows one to absorb the mana and recover like that.

By the way, when consumed, the Mana Potion tasted like a sports drink, a citrus flavor that's sweet and sour.

I wonder what Ether tastes like.

If it's like vegetable juice, it's going to be close to torture.

Nevertheless, there are times where it's not possible to drink the potion as it takes a long time in the middle of a battle.


In this case, there's a method of [Emergency usage].

This is a function that directly allows immediate usage to the item, without taking it out from the Item Window.

The MMORPGs up until now has the same function by pressing a shortcut button when using specific items without opening the Item Windows.


When the [Emergency Usage] is used, HP and MP can recover without taking out the items.

However, the [Emergency Usage] is limited by having a 60 seconds cooldown to use the items again, and at the same time, there's an additional risk because the items cannot be taken out during that time.

It's a function that I think I need to pay careful attention to.


Aside from that, I'm guzzling down the Mana Potion to recover my MP.

As expected, the real pleasure of using a magician is to clean up enemies by magic in a single sweep, and I'm feeling good from the overflowing exhilaration.

Using [Mana Explosion] for the first time made me go weak in the knees from experiencing the excess power. However, though I have not gotten used to it yet, I feel a little proud of becoming a qualified magician on my own.


There were four days left to the Closed Beta.

I feel a little sad to have all the data erased after the test, but I can't help it since it's within my expectations.

Let me start over with a new character once the Open Beta begins.

Maybe it's nice to raise something else other than a magician.

There are production or healer classes too.

But I do want to challenge reckless things at least once since I raised this character after spending this much effort.


Perhaps I should try defeating a big Boss?

The Beta Test lasts until Monday morning, and I can spend a long time during the weekends.

Well, considering the traveling distance, I should aim for a nearby boss, hmmm.

I feel the tension rising in me.

Yup, I'll spend all my savings right away to purchase the potions!








TL: I'll see you next month for a new chapter.


[Read more…]


Chapter 12 Part 2 - Awakening


In the Kingdom Casstal, the room where the audience with the king took place was in the most extravagant hall in the royal palace.

Upon a single glance, one could determine the hall was made with marble, and brought about a cold and impressive atmosphere, while the polished floors and pillars reflected the environment.

The walls and ceiling were drawn with the former kings and queens, as well as great men from the past. The furniture that was decorated the place were first grade, and the candles gave the gold craftsmanship that was crafted painstakingly.

It was a room where a solemn impression could be received without appearing flashy despite the splendor.

But such a majestic atmosphere was now being erased by uproarious voices.

[An army of orcs with the size over a thousand has been confirmed in my northern territory. If it continues moving south, one can expect the streets and villages to receive great damage.]

The people who listened to the report of the knight who was past thirty, and they began to make an uproar.

The aging king who was sitting on the throne --- Wilfred the Third controlled the place with his gaze.

[And this time, I heard that the orcs are different from their usual instincts to attack sporadically and repeatedly, but to take action in an organized manner. Is this true?]

[Yes, it is true. Judging from the victim's clues from the villages from the orcs' invasion, they first surrounded them without attacking. The determined villagers who were prepared to die went out to call for aid, but not only did the orcs surround the village, they also ambushed these men on the road. When we dispatched the knights to investigate, the village had already been destroyed by the orcs. In this case, they can't be considered as a simple group, but an army.]

The knight's report once again caused a commotion.

The past orcs which attacked the villages relied on their robust bodies and led damaging raids, but they received great casualties as well.

They were recognized as unintelligent demonic creatures which satisfied their instincts by raiding for food.

[Sir Lilburn, we are too far away to recognize whether these are the orcs we understand. Is it possible that the ambush from the orcs, is not just a coincidence?]

An old man spoke up in the surrounding voices who did not believe in the report.

[There is no doubt of an organized attack as the scouts have confirmed the clues from the orcs amongst the corpses.]

Impossible, these stupid things you're implying ---- the clamors resounded in the hall.

The innermost thoughts of the knight Rafael Lilburns who reported the events, was also one who expressed doubt and thought he even heard wrongly when he learned of it for the first time.

The nobles who did not face demonic creatures were most likely be unable to believe it.

But the orcs had already caused damage to the kingdom.

It was easy to imagine where those fangs would point to in the future.

A huge group comprised of over a thousand and their characteristic of having a very high fertility.

If they were left alone, their numbers would increase, and the kingdom would lose villages and streets as a consequence.

And eventually, it might reach the kingdom.



The kingdom had three thousand as a standing army.

But the capital could not send all their troops in order to have it defended.

The biggest reasonable number they could send out was two thousand.

This level of combat strength could be seen as excessive, but against an organized army of orcs, they would most likely have considerable damage.

[We should organize an army as quickly as possible to destroy the orcs!]

One of the nobles said. The others then gave their input.

[Indeed. However, there are many mysterious points about the orcs' movements. We should investigate again as to why they are organized.]

[More importantly, we don't have enough troops. We should request reinforcements from the neighboring countries to be safe.]

[And let the other countries see our weakness? Although the orcs have numbers, it would be fine if we recruit adventurers to subjugate them.]

[That's unreasonable. They are an army of a thousand orcs, equivalent to a human army. We must send out our entire army to settle this.]

[That is a crazy thing! Are you trying to leave the capital defenseless!]

[Then why not add the recruited adventurers to our soldiers?]

[Then how are we going to command the adventurers?]

A single opinion starting from one person led to a whole series of comments flying at each other. However, there was no sight of their views settling down.

[Silence---]

One word from Wilfred instantly settled the hot debate in the hall.

[Lilburn---]

[Yes!]

[Recruit the adventurers with urgency and have them form an army together with two thousand soldiers to subjugate the orcs.]

[Yes, your majesty!]

Rafael bowed his head deeply and exited the audience hall.

There was still a touch of uneasiness with an army of only two thousand.

The safety net would be how many adventurers they could recruit, but he could not show his anxiety on his face.

The king's orders were already drawn into a conclusion.

His job as a knight only allowed him to execute his mission.

He started running in order to accomplish it.


















Chapter 13 - The wriggling forest


My eyes scan through the strategy guide in Wiki to search for the boss near Malcott's forest. It seems that the nearest boss monster located near the capital Malcott is to the north of it.

Come to think of it, Liam had said before that the Orcs reside in the forest north of Meldor. Even so, I thought for sure that there would be an Orc King or Orc-type commanders, but it seems like it isn't so. Orcs were not the only monsters in the forest.

Perhaps Liam did not know the vicinity well yet.

Considering the boss's level and my own, it's an appropriate opponent for me, but it's still probably stronger than me. Even so, this particular boss's level is lower than the other bosses. It might be strange not to know that fact.

Well then, should I hurry up and start logging in now?




The kingdom's army was organized, and it was the fourth day that they had started marching.

There were no foolish bandits or monsters that came to challenge the two-thousand strong army, and they progressed smoothly till they reached the forest where the orcs resided directly. They were able to survey the areas of the forest without any issues.

The advancing army was taking a short break to heal their weariness.

If they were to think of it realistically, it was not really a miracle to move at such a swift speed.

First, the army was trained well. Secondly, when the order to subjugate the orcs was issued, the emergency structure that the kingdom had made it a matter of time to set up the emergency army quickly. Finally, the wizards' support magic aided in the advancing army's speed behind the scenes.

Also, one could say it was fortunate there were around 200 adventurers despite the hasty recruitment in the Adventurer Guild. Some of the even had subjugated orcs before, and at least held the sense they were facing dangerous orcs, unlike the ones they had encountered before.

These mercenaries who had real battle experience would be useful in this fight.

However, they had never moved with a large army before. Rafael divided them into two and distributed accordingly in the kingdom's army in order to lead them properly.

Even though all the matters were supposedly settled, Rafael was pondering deeply on his suspicions.

Just what exactly happened to these orcs that needed to be suppressed?

Why had they become so strong that they were able to launch such a strong assault to the village and destroyed it?

The army had done their due diligence in regards to the monsters' activity in recent years. It was true that there were monsters had become stronger, but they were either an increase of individual's skill levels or monsters moving in groups with an increase in numbers, although limited.

So why and how did this happen?

Rafael considered the possibility of a commander amongst the orcs. The orcs were a race that followed their instincts, and was it not impossible for a powerful person they could not defeat who made them submit?

If this were true, defeating that leader would mean that the enemy army's control would be lost, and their winning chance would probably become higher.

Still, just how strong was that enemy commander was to control a thousand orcs?

[Commander, what are you thinking about?]

His adjutant asked, and Rafael stopped his thoughts and responded to him.

[No, nothing. I feel a little off because our progress has been excessively smooth.]

[Indeed. It is true that our progress has gone a little too well, but it's probably better to have that instead of problems.]

Rafael gave a smile of acknowledgment.

His adjutant had been with him for seven long years.

Because of their differences in status, there would be some hesitation to speak informally. Thus, when it was only the two of them together, Rafael would have an affable disposition and they could speak freely.

[Come to think of it, there's a new type of potion that came from the Academy, but is it usable?]

In order to change the subject, Rafael turned the topic to the new medicine from the Royal Magic Research Institute, otherwise known as the Academy.

[Yes, it's a product called Elixir, and it has been judged to be quite effective. At any rate, it appears that one can receive both effects of an HP and Mana potion from drinking it. The supporting magicians and a few others have tried it, and it seemed like it reached an Intermediate Mana and Health Potions' potency.]

[I see, a combination effect, huh. It's a pity and quite frustrating that we cannot procure a satisfactory amount to ensure our troop's safety because of the lack of time.]

Medicine that could recover mana and heal injuries was highly practical. It was particularly important for the knights who served as vanguards. Mana was not limited by wizards or spellcasters, and every human and demi-races' citizen were capable of using mana. Wizards and spellcasters could convert mana and make various miracles, but there were techniques to improve physical strength or strengthen tools by using Mana as well.

Because of that reason, Mana Potions were indispensable. The vanguard knights who were easily susceptible to injuries meant that the Elixir was of great importance because it had the effects of HP and Mana potions at the same time.

The knights did not understand what exactly the people in the Academy were usually doing and why there was a need for them to even exist, but the current evaluation was higher as the voices of praise were going up.

Rafael was astonished at the improvement of the kingdom's potion-making but was also proud that he belonged to his nation.

This topic filled Rafael and his adjutant's conversation, until the noise from the hooves of a horse running towards them echoed in their ears.

[Commander, I think the scouts have returned---]

It seemed like the scouts who went out earlier had returned.

[Is that so? But it's a little fast. I wonder if they found something? In any case, we should listen to the report.]

Rafael and his adjutant turned around to face the rider and receive the report.

[Welcome back. You have returned quickly.]

[Yes, commander! That's because we found something strange.]

[Strange?]

Rafael responded without thinking before he could reprimand the young knight who went out scouting and returned with an unclear report instead of getting to the point.

[We could not find any presence of the orcs, and besides the rustling of leaves in the forest, it was quiet and seemed uninhabited.]

[What?]

The forest was indeed big, but was there any possibility of not finding an orc when there were a thousand of them? Perhaps they saw the army's presence and hid because of that?

(..... Maybe they have set up an ambush.)

Their opponents could be seen as a proper army. It was a high possibility that they had set up ambushes, not to mention his own army were in the enemies' territory and any fights would be to their advantage.

It was a feeling of dread, even with the superior numbers he had now.

The possibilities for an ambush were many because of the many obstacles in the forest, while the movement of his soldiers was limited. If it was possible, he wanted to deploy the cavalry and lure the enemies out to a spot outside the forest where they could fight an open battle.

(Should I burn the forest and lure them out?)

There was the possibility of bringing out monsters other than orcs, especially when there was no real need to force out the enemies.

The most significant trouble they could face was a dragon or something similar. There were existences of High Dragons which were human-friendly. He had not heard of any such powerful creatures living in this forest, but he could not deny the possibility of such a dragon living deep in the woods where people did not reach.

If the army set off a fire, it would be an apparent act of hostility, and the dragon would bare their fangs at them.

There was once a kingdom who accidentally attacked a dragon's nest and had their capital city burned and destroyed by it. They could handle a dragon with low intelligence if it appeared, but defeat would be inevitable if orcs were put into the mix.

Then there was also the consideration that the nearby cities and villagers were living on the forest's grace. It was a negative, inhuman act to burn off the kingdom's resources.

This meant there was no choice but to dance to the opponents' tune. He had to advance carefully while paying attention to any ambushes.

(I hope nothing is going to happen.)

He cut off his indescribable bad feelings within him and started getting on his horse, then ordered his army to advance into the forest.

The forest was quiet just like the scouts had reported. However, even though there were no signs of orcs, he felt like someone was watching them.

(As expected, there's going to be an ambush? Perhaps they are surrounding us from a distance away?)

In any case, they could only advance deeper into the forest when they were unable to see the enemies' presence.

The trees grew thick enough to block visibility and sunlight did not shine into the area they were in. Compared to the slightly brighter forest they had entered earlier, there was an eerie atmosphere here brought along with coldness.

The orcs might be moving along trails made by large monsters which were wider than the path they were taking.

Due to not seeing the enemies' presence in the forest and having the possibility of being ambushed, the mental strain was strong; the knights and adventurers' morale were being worn down.

(Strange---)

Rafael had doubts. They had entered the forest for nearly an hour. It was odd that they had not seen any enemies too, but the real problem was how they were being observed all the time ever since they entered the forest, and yet he knew not where the observation took place from.

How was it possible for the enemies to observe two thousand and two hundred men while hiding their presence?

And it was not just a single person but multiple pairs of eyes. Perhaps they were orcs good at hiding?

He turned towards the direction where he felt the gazes from, but all he saw were dense leaves covering the top of the trees, and there were no signs of the orcs.

[Commander, that is!]

His adjutant pointed at something, and he turned his gaze over.

There were a group of orcs impatiently waiting ahead of the path they were in; their numbers were not a thousand strong, but possibly a mere hundred.

It was true that the path they were currently in limited the number of men they could fight compared to a broader trail used by the monstrous beasts, but it was sheer foolishness for such a small army to fight them. Perhaps there were ambushers coming from the dense foliage or the top of the trees.

He wanted to give out instructions to prepare for an ambush but at that moment ---

Perhaps if there was an Elf, a citizen of the forest, they might have noticed the trees' strange nature, and the results would be different.

But there were nearly no Elves were living in the kingdom Castaal, and the army did not even have a single Elf recruited.

--- And thus the outcome was a tragedy.


The sound of a large object cutting through the air reverberated behind Rafael's back. He had sensed the danger and immediately crouched. However, it was not an ugly orc that jumped down from the tree, but a large branch was cutting through the air.

(A huge tree branch? Is it a trap!?)

Screams broke up one after another. When he turned to the soldiers, he saw tree branches and vines attacking them.

(Trap...... No, that's wrong!)

[Gaaaah!!]

A soldier was struck in the abdomen by a tree branch and fainted while vomiting out blood.

[No! No! S-someone help me!]

Another soldier pawed desperately at the ground in order to escape and screamed because he could imagine the near future's horror, but his desire to run away was not successful as he was thrown in the air; his arms were flailing wildly before he landed on his neck, breaking it and was killed.

[Guh....... khh.....]

Several soldiers were bound tightly as the vines bound them around them repeatedly and strangled voices of anguish could be heard.

[Damn you, damn you --- Ahhhh!!]

A soldier was bravely cutting up the tree branches, but a huge root crushed him.

The trees were attacking as though they had a clear will. Indeed, they were......

(Damn it! These are monsters that mimic trees!)

It was not because they could not see the enemies. It was no wonder that they had been observed all the time.

It was because the figures were always visible.

There were currently no sightings of monsters that could mimic trees in the kingdom. That was why the army was unable to imagine that the trees ambushed them. Rafael was furious at his own carelessness. However, if he continued to do nothing, then the damage would spread.

[Don't be afraid! Gather up and move together! Our opponents are made of wood, wizards and archers are to deal with them with fire! The priests are to heal our injuries! The rest are to defend tightly!]

He raised his voices to the limits, and his words were transmitted over to the soldiers who were running everywhere due to the ambush, and they started moving collectively.

Not all the trees were monsters, and their numbers were few. Rafael could only see about ten of them from his line of sight. But the immense slow-moving bodies of these creatures coming from both sides were a threat to them.

[Haah!]

Rafael temporarily strengthened his physical might and climbed up the tree by jumping on the tree's trunk and branches.

[Striiiiiike!!]

He leaped up into the air, used his whole body weight to put into his sword while combining it with a mighty swing. He cleaved the tree monster into two, and the two equal parts fell violently onto the ground and caused the area to shake.

[See this! These are opponents that are not unbeatable! Don't be afraid and attack them!]

The commander's figure made the army's morale rise. Their offense was increased with fire magic and fire arrows.

As expected of plant type monsters, they made bizarre groaning noises when they were showered in concentrated fire volleys, and were finally felled by the soldiers overwhelming them. At the same time, the soldiers evaded the toppling of the trees by moving to the left and right in order to avoid being crushed by the monsters' bodies.

Suddenly, roars could be heard.

The orcs which had been laying in wait attacked the kingdom's army.

(Damn it, the orcs were waiting for this timing?!)

If he thought about it, the orcs and tree monsters moved and attacked together with intentional timing, making it a collaborative fight. Indeed, their actions were entirely coordinated.

Rafael noticed that the tree monsters were moving in a way that would separate them when they collapsed onto the ground.

[Shit! The soldiers are being divided, if that's the case--!]

The orcs were striking all sides, and the small numbers of the divided army's troops had to face them. It was a strategy to isolate and defeat them bit by bit.

--- This was the start of the army's suffering.








Chapter 14 - Rising Magician


Just exactly how much time passed? --- Rafael thought while he wiped away his sweat.

Huge tree-like monsters assaulted the kingdom's army, splendidly charged into the ranks and files of the troops' formation, and they fell into chaos. Moreover, the divided army was scattered, splitting into smaller companies and platoons, and it became a situation where they could no longer move like how the army was led in the beginning.

The orcs that laid in ambush until then concentrated their attacks and swooped in, making it unbearable for the army. The human forces fell into complete disadvantage and repeatedly retreated.

In that unfavorable situation, there was one unit led by Rafael which put up a good fight.

They boast the strongest force in the army and even amongst the whole kingdom; they withstood the orcs' attacks and fought them off. However, the repeated battles they faced had caused them to lose one man after another, and the group that he led was no longer the original hundred.

Everyone was drenched in blood mixed with the orcs and their own. Fatigue was setting in strongly. Injuries could be healed because of the health potions and magicians' healing spells. However, they did not have any effect in replenishing the blood; unable to prevent anemia from the dire blood loss, neither could it fully restore the accumulated fatigue. If things continued that way, it was a matter of time before they were completely wiped out.

There was no way to join up with the other groups and escape from this danger.

Yet, while there was no way---

(Just how are the orcs reading our movements and moving before us!)

In order to join up with the other groups, they had to aggressively attack the pathless roads held by the orcs which spread out endlessly. It was as if the humans' movements had been thoroughly read and toyed by the enemies' fingertips, and they could not regroup.

(If I recall correctly, the survivors of that village were also ambushed by the orcs in the same way.)

Rafael remembered that event and gritted his teeth.

(It seemed like our army's movements were being leaked. Did the tree monsters observe us? How did they transmit information to the orcs again?)

The situation was completely in the opponents' advantage. But he could not give up here. He had to take up the responsibility for this loss and leave the Commander Knight's seat--- .But now he was still the Commander Knight who was in charge of two thousand and two hundred lives.

He had to reduce the casualties of his allies and bring back information at all costs, despite how little it might be for the next battle.

Explosions were ringing out at regular intervals in the forest. Perhaps they were made by an ally magician who was still fighting. Maybe he had not given up yet.

Rafael tried to regroup and escape with his allies again.

He saw an area where sunlight was shining in dazzlingly. He had earlier entered the forest and thought he exited the place when he saw that scene, but it seemed like he was wrong. It was a clearing in the forest which opened up a little. Instead of escaping from the forest, he had traveled further into the forest and lost his way.

In the center of the clearing, was a huge ancient tree resembling the Tree-like monsters he had encountered earlier.

(Is this also a monster?) --- Rafael became suspicious while he approached it nervously.

[You have done well to come this far, powerful human.]

A voice that sounded like an old man reverberated in his ears. Rafael's eyes widened. If one looked closely, the trunk had huge dents that formed the shapes of eyes and a mouth. It looked like a tree with a human face. Monsters with high intelligence were capable of talking. This was not a strange thing, and Rafael increased his vigilance when he saw the Tree-like monsters earlier.

[Who the hell are you!]

He pointed his sword at it and demanded. His troops also surrounded the ancient tree and prepared to fight.

[I am an Elder Treant, follower of revered Moussdeus.]

Moussdeus --- Rafael had heard that name before.

[You bastard! You're an evil god's subordinate?!]

[Not an evil god. Revered Moussdeus is our magical creatures' god.]

The Elder Treant was unhappy with Rafael's tone and increased its pressure on him.

[Well that's fine. Powerful human. You should be proud of your strength. You have repelled my subordinates multiple times with your warriors, and I will dedicate your deaths to revered Moussdeus.]

[My sword is dedicated only to the kingdom and not for the Evil God! It is used for tearing up you bastards that hurt the citizens and threaten the kingdom!]

[Hah, then go ahead and try it if you can---]

[Your prattling is irksome! My magicians and archers, unleash your fury onto that bastard!]

The magicians and archers under Rafael start moving at Rafael's command. But the ground shook violently before they could attack, breaking their postures with a sudden earthquake. The earth was uplifted and the Elder Treant's roots attacked the soldiers mercilessly.

[Fuhahaha, how unsightly. I merely shook my roots once and all of you humans are downed. What fragile things you are---]

The Elder Torrent mocked them.

[Let me teach something beneficial to you. My roots do not merely shake the earth. The roots that are connected to the surrounding plants, will eventually become my retainers and become under my control. To turn them into treants I require human sacrifices. Eventually, my roots will cover all over the kingdom's soil and I will increase my retainers.]

[...... Is that the purpose of attacking the villagers!]

[Indeed, our army's prowess is insufficient because my strength is sealed away and the incompetent orcs living here are useless.]

(This is dangerous) --- Rafael was trembling when he heard the words that were beyond his imagination.

The summary was the Evil God Moussdeus's subordinate, an Elder Treant, was intentionally attacking the kingdom. He had heard that the Evil God's retainers were able to share their sight and information even if they were far away. This fairytale-like story from the Elder Treant was something like a tall tale of a human becoming a vampire, but if the monster's words were true, it would explain the situation they were in.

And the Elder Treant's plant retainers in this area must have transmitted information back to it.

If the trees in the kingdom became subordinates and turned into Treants---, then they would overwhelm this kingdom, and it would surely collapse. Even if he had to put his life on the line, he would prevent it as a knight. Based on the Elder Treant's words its roots had not covered the entire kingdom yet. He must first remove this monster and minimize the damage.

[My fellow soldiers, it is too dangerous if we let this creature live! Our opponent is rooted to the ground. There's no worry that it could move like the other tree monsters! Begin attacking and do not stop for any reason!]

The soldiers once again entered into offensive postures.

[It is true that I cannot move. However---]

The trees around it started to move.

[It would be fine if I call out to my family.]

Thirty enemies surrounded Rafael.

[Care not about these unimportant creatures. No matter what, bring that monster down!]

[Commander, we will intercept these creatures, so please take care of that monster!]

The vice commander used his mana to raise his strength, and the human army raised their hands against the Evil God's right hand who defeated earlier. Rafael faced his opponent which was an unprecedented danger to the kingdom with resolution.

Several Treants stood in his path in order to block off the road. Perhaps the soldiers had made their moves early, or perhaps they arrived in a flash, they ultimately made a way for Rafael. The Treants that attacked the flanks and rear were also protected by the soldiers. Rafael felt his strength rising when he saw the soldiers who raised their voices and stood against the monsters. Everyone had come here with their bodies full of wounds. He was thankful for the fact that he was blessed with excellent men that paved a bloody road for the kingdom.

But he could not revel in that fact. They were risking their lives to create time for him, and it was folly to waste even one second of it.

If he could not subjugate the Elder Treant, he would not be able to face the soldiers. His feet that should have been tired kicked off from the ground powerfully. He was going to reduce the distance between him and the Elder Treant immediately. The monster pulled up new roots in order to hinder Rafael by striking at him like whips, but Rafael shortened the distance while dodging the furious attacks from the roots.

He had managed to close in. Rafael instinctively put mana into his sword, stepped on his forefoot, rotated his waist and put all of his centrifugal power into the sword, unleashing a strike to his utmost limits that he could currently do. The high-speed blow cut through the air with a violent noise and struck against the Elder Treant's trunk. As soon as the sword hit it, the remaining impact from the massive blow caused the dust from the earth to rise.

There was a response. His hand was also slightly numb from the attack. But, that was---

[It is quite a blow, powerful human. But that isn't enough to defeat me.]

The sword was thrust deeply into the Elder Treant, but it did not cut through it and did not reach even halfway. Rafael clicked his tongue, kicked the trunk with his foot and pulled out the sword. He then distanced himself away.

(The Elder Treant's body is far tougher than I imagined. It seems unreasonable to fell it in one strike no matter how hard I swing my sword) --- Rafael closed in once again after he considered.

One of the Treants that the soldiers were fighting against had slipped through and attacked with its branches and changed the direction of Rafael's attack at the Elder Treant's trunk. The Elder Treant's roots grabbed Rafael's shoulder with that opening. He grimaced as his shoulder received an impact, and bent his body to its near limits to keep the minimum amount of strength, and slashed off the root that grabbed onto him.

Rafael was not the only person who attacked the Elder Treant. The archers used flaming arrows while the magicians cast the [Fire Arrow] spell, but the Elder Treant skillfully extinguished the fire with its roots. The retainers that the monster had also seemed to be also weak against fire. The Elder Treant's mouth was distorted like it was feeling annoyed, and it subconsciously struck at the soldiers at the rear with its roots.

Rafael did not miss that gap. He dived below the roots, and entered into attacking distance in an instant. He chose to attack with emphasis on speed, striking the Elder Treant repeatedly. The Elder Treant's body was literally sliced into wood shavings that danced in the air. Even though the attacks were lighter than swinging it with all his strength, he aimed at the place where he struck earlier, causing the injury to increase in size. The Elder Torrent which was paying attention to his allies received repeated damage.

Rafael wanted to settle things quickly as there was the matter of his allies, but he suppressed his feelings and kept working on slicing the monster indifferently.

The situation seemed like it was going to be a long-term battle --- Everyone thought that way.

[Commander, please retreat!]

One of the soldiers who was able to see from an overall perspective shouted as he realized something was off.

However, because Rafael was too close to the Elder Torrent's giant body and had a narrow field of view since he was too close, he was unable to read its movements, and his reaction was delayed.

The Elder Treant had managed to seize Rafael with its strong roots and struck an unexpected blow to Rafael, causing him to spit out blood.

[I finally caught you, powerful human.]

The Elder Torrent's face was smiling.

[You are stronger than my subordinates and killing you would be a pity. Join my orcs and swear loyalty to me, and serve revered Moussdeus.]

As it spoke, a green worm that crawled along the Elder Treant's roots started moving slowly to Rafael. He knew what about that worm. An alchemist had caught and used it in the past. The worm burrowed into the target's ear and lived as a parasite in the brain, allowing the user to control it, amongst other means. He finally understood how the Elder Treant was able to lead the orcs with low intelligence. He had controlled them and used them like dolls accordingly to the information it had gathered from its plant subordinates.

He was going to become one of them. He fearfully trembled and desperately tried to escape, but the roots around him did not budge.

[Rescue the commander!]

The adjutant called out with a frantic expression, but the Treants rushed out to hinder the soldiers.

(I am unable to do anything.)

The feeling of hopelessness came, and he chewed his lips hard with regret.

(Is this my end? Will my sword turn towards the kingdom because of this demon?)

He was filled with the thoughts of his wife and newborn child.

(Someone...... Anyone would be fine...... Save us from this calamity...... please......)



A large explosion echoed in everyone's ears. A scream that could not be imagined from any creature kept ringing in their ears. Rafael fell as gravity pulled him away from the roots that unintentionally released him. The worm that had reached his ear fell out and was crushed by his body.

(What happened......?)

Rafael tried painfully to grasp the situation by casting his gaze in a disoriented condition.


The Elder Torrent was glaring at a direction with an anguished expression.

A young boy with black hair and eyes was wielding a staff in a casting stance.











Chapter 15 - Rising Magician (2)


Rafael who had escaped from the danger drank an Elixir potion as he looked at the boy who helped him escape.

The youth who had black hair and eyes looked like he was in his late teens. His attire was different from the kingdom's provided armor for the army and appeared to be light equipment worn by an adventurer who had just started out.

Rafael did not recognize his face in the slightest.

He naturally did not remember all the faces in the army, but he was a knight commander for many years and had more or less took note of the people who managed to follow him and fight against the Elder Treant.

(Is he one of the recruited adventurers? Considering what happened to the Elder Treant, he's probably a magician.)

He did not know how the divided army was faring, but it was not strange at all if a few soldiers or adventurers separated from their groups.

Especially the adventurers. It would not be any wonder if they were mired in a state of emergency.

(......But it is strange.)

Rafael felt that the youth was out of place when he saw him.

(His mantle is too clean. And what's more, there's an unnatural air about him. He doesn't appear to be fatigued.)

Rafael and the soldiers had fought battle after battle, and their armor had been dyed with blood belonging to their own and their enemies and even turned black because they fought against Treants were set on fire.

Their deep exhaustion was easily shown on their faces from the fierce battles.

Even though there was some dirt on the boy's mantle, it was clean compared to the dirtied soldiers. In addition, his breathing was normal, and he did not appear tired at all.

Rafael wondered if the boy did not encounter any orcs or Treants before he arrived.

But it was difficult to imagine that the elder treant had overlooked him. Not with the amount of brainwashed orcs that they encountered many times.

If the boy ran away from them, then his breathing should be labored. In the first place, was it not an unfavorable situation to not know how the enemy's positions? Was it really possible to bypass their defensive lines?

Although there were suspicious points that Rafael had on his mind, it was true that the uninjured magician had saved them from this danger by himself. It was undoubtedly luck on their side.

In order to win the battle, the Elder Treant must be defeated as the monster used orcs as an outside measure to defeat the humans. If it were defeated, the orcs would cease to move and become literal dolls.

[I thank you, for helping us! Even though you just came, I have to borrow your strength. Defeat the surrounding Treants---]

The youth nodded and agreed.

Rafael looked at the Elder Treant. Although its arm that had grabbed on to him barely did not break, it looked like a blow would shatter it as a large part of it had been gouged out.

[You! The foolish human that interfered and injured me! I will never spare you!]

The Elder Treant's intense hostility was directed to the youth, but he showed no concern at all and did not flinch at all. His appearance only fanned the Elder Treant's rage.

[My subordinates! Do not let the foolish human live!]

Three Treants headed for the youth.

[Damn it, everyone, protect him!]

Rafael gave his order in a panic. But the monsters, soldiers and the boy's position made it impossible for them to aid him in time.

Not only were his soldiers surrounded by monsters, but the latter were also nearer to the boy.

The boy immediately released Fire Arrow in an instant to check the monsters. One was engulfed in flames, and the Treant behind it faltered. However, the last enemy was not affected and swung a branch at the youth, mowing him down.

The lithe body of the youth compared to the soldiers and knights' burly sizes rolled across the ground three times before stopping.

He did not move. Did their savior die ---?

Rafael clenched his fists at his own weakness. He had let a young life be cut off because of his insufficient strength. He was unable to suppress the boiling regret and anger, and these emotions started swallowing him.

But.

The boy abruptly rose up as if nothing had happened. It seemed like he was fine as though he was not feeling any pain.

Rafael was relieved upon seeing that.

(It seems like he's okay, but is the place that he got struck at fine?)

Fortunately, the boy fought back at the Treants, and ten-odd soldiers managed to break through the thinned monsters' siege and protected him by surrounding him in a circle.

Magicians cast supportive magic on the youth to raise his power. It seemed like the young boy was quite strong for his age, so with the aid of supportive magic---

New treants came as reinforcements in addition to the Treants that were engulfed in flames because of the youth's spells, and both groups started attacking them. The soldiers defended against the enemies' strikes while the youth burned down the treants to ashes with magic.

His disinterested expressions without caring about the danger were reminiscent of a skilled magician's figure.

[What, a human is overwhelming us? Grrr, my subordinates--- Attack that hateful human without stopping!]

The Elder Treant's raised voice was irritated. There was no one else but the boy in its eyes. The soldiers and the youth's battle intensified, and conversely, the attacks on the soldiers loosened up.

[Right now! Concentrate your attacks on the Treants!]

Rafael and his men pushed back the weakened siege made by the Treants. They had been pressured until now, but the group around the youth made the frontlines a pincer attack against the enemies. Even though the Treants were stronger than the humans, they had no choice but to be forced back because of the two-way attack.

[Mana Explosion.]

The struggle for supremacy was decided when the youth cast the spell, tipping the scales greatly.

The situation had been reversed after the appearance of the boy before one knew it.

[Good, target the Elder Treant before reinforcements arrive. Half of us will suppress the Treants, while the rest follow me and defeat the Elder Treant!]

The soldiers obeyed Rafel's command and started splitting up themselves into groups to subjugate the Elder Treant and Treants.

The Elder Treant who could control humans were struck by magic and arrows, and it was outranged with a hit-and-run tactic that was executed with consistency.

The Elder Treant's face was no longer composed and instead dyed with impatience.

[Why! Why are the humans able to do this much!]

The Elder Treant was driven to such an extent that he spat out these flustered words.

Originally the besieged kingdom's army should have been defeated. But the appearance of the youth caused the Elder Treant to lose his head and was beaten because of it.

Certainly, the boy was a threat, but it should not have sent its monsters at him, which made the siege thinner. Because the siege collapsed and the soldiers went to the boy, it led to a situation where the numbers of Treants trickled to the boy's group and got destroyed one after another. The Elder Treant lost its subordinates until it was led to its current situation.

If it had instead called back the orcs, the youth and the kingdom might not be able to rally and regain their strength.

Rafael cut down the Elder Treant's branches and slashed its trunk. While he continued to break it down, the boy raised his staff at it.

Explosions wrapped the Elder Treant. The repeated attacks caused the trunk to make breaking sound. It was collapsing because it was unable to support its own weight.

[Gaaaah!! R-revered God Moussdeusss!!]

The pleading Elder Treant called out to its master as its death throes echoed in the vicinity.

The final cry of the ancient wood stopped the surroundings noises for a moment.

The cheers of victory immediately filled the next moment. The remaining Treants noticed what happened and began to retreat in confusion.

[Don't let the Treant escape! Destroy them all!]

A pursuit battle started with Rafael's voice. The dire battle that they had turned into a winning battle. The orcs who had lost their manipulator were turned into dolls and the damage done to the army was suppressed. The monsters who had dominated the battlefield had been turned around like a miracle in a drama.

Rafael suddenly noticed that part of the plants started withering.

[What is this.....]

[The plant subordinates of the Elder Treant that rely on it will wither.]

The voice belonged to the boy.

[You are......]

'Why do you know such a thing' --- Before Rafael could ask, the youth spoke again.

[My name is Chaos. I have to go now. My apologies---]

The boy disappeared as though he had finished his role.



TL: I wonder how virtual mmorpg will be in the very distant future. Imagine 1000 years later. Le sigh, I envy the future gamers.


[Read more…]


Today's the day before the Closed Beta Test ends. The final day ends on Monday morning and because I have school tomorrow, this would be the last day that I can play on the Closed Beta Test.

As the final commemoration, I've my eyes on the Elder Treant Boss in the north of the Caastal kingdom, and I'm making my way to the inner forest which is packed with active Treants.

It's more troublesome than I thought.

I made my way through the forest during yesterday's night and tried to reach my destination, but there were so many enemies that I couldn't make my way to the boss.

It's why I am challenging the boss again just as planned. Although, my mother is getting angry over the fact that I have been spending too much time on this game. She usually doesn't get angry over something like this and is actually a gentle person, but if she quarrels with my father, her anger spills over to me.

This time it's mostly my father's fault or something, probably.

Since my mother is standing at the top of the hierarchy in our family, it's a life-and-death situation if her mood gets spoiled because it concerns our food. It is a dangerous thing, so we can't go against her.

It's unfortunate but I had to help out with housework this morning in order to get my mother in a good mood. I have gotten the permission to have two hours worth of playtime in the afternoon and I'm finally playing.

After I log in, I restart from the forest where I previously escaped.

The forest sounds noisy, and I open my Map Window and move towards the boss.

I definitely encountered groups of orcs yesterday, so I wonder if I should make a detour. As I ponder I realize there is something strange on the map.

When I look closely at my surroundings I do not see the groups of orcs from yesterday.

I tilt my head and wonder why they have changed their position from yesterday.

I chalk it up to being lucky and move towards the boss.

When I analyze the map I finally discover the orcs are intercepting other players other than me.

Thanks to that, I encounter far fewer orcs attacking me. I am easily able to handle them on my own, so I change from my previous method of attack from yesterday and advance quickly.

The trees that I see do not look like they are withering, so the boss is still alive.

When I approach the boss, I see various players already who are engaged with it. Perhaps they are thinking the same thing to hunt it, but I have not expected to see nearly a hundred players.

Just when I'm thinking there is no part for me here and about to give up, a player in the group raises his voice.

[Save the commander!]

It seems like one person is caught by the boss and being squeezed when I look closely. Perhaps he is the party leader or something similar.

What should I do, is it fine for me to lend a hand?

Since he says he wants to have help, I think it should be fine to lend a hand.

I recite the Mana Explosion spell.

Even though the spell casting time is really long, a normal spell would be insufficient since it is a boss.

An explosion hits the Elder Treant boss's wrist and the hostage is released.

In truth, I actually plan to hit the boss's body, but as expected, it is difficult to aim for it when there is a hostage.

It is an attack that will do nothing but mow down the players in one go. It is a real problem when the magic spell has such a large area of effect. (TL: Friendly Player Kill problem.)

Since the developers made a promise to deal with balance issues, it might be possible that the skill will be corrected in the Open Beta Test.

[I thank you for helping me! Even though you just came, I want to borrow your strength to defeat the surrounding Treants.]

The warrior-like man who was a hostage earlier says.

That's good. It seems like it's the correct thing to do by helping out. It's true that the Treants are surrounding the players and it's difficult to approach the boss. I should help out.

While I nod, the Elder Treant becomes angry and commands his Treants to come after me. I'm surprised at the NPC's advanced AI, but to think that even the monsters have emotions like humans.

Hmm, this game is pretty good.

I use Fire Arrow to deal with the Treants since they have a weakness to flame attribute attacks and the damage dealt is 1.5 times more. But I receive an attack after I managed to attack only one Treant, and I'm being sent flying back.

The attack causes a vibration to my abdomen, but instead of pain, I feel like it's closer to feeling ticklish. The feeling that astonishes me more is actually how I'm flung away. I hurriedly confirm my HP and find that it has decreased to 30%.

I wonder how weak I really am when an attack can take away 70% of my health, and I quickly use an intermediate-grade health potion to recover.

As I fire my counterattacks back at a Treant, the other players rush in to defend me against the other Treants attacking me.

Wow...... these are nice people.

They understand how weak I am and immediately guard me against them. In addition, they even cast a buff on me.

Intelligence Boost.

Like the name of this skill suggests, it boosts the intelligence stats by multiples of 10%. Each increase in level multiples by 10%. Level 1 gives 10%, and level 5 which is the highest level, gives out 50%. The effective time is one hour.

The buff I received is level 3, so I'm given a 30% boost in stats.

I have no choice but to do my best in this situation. I'll slaughter the enemies one after another. Since the power of my magic goes up, I am able to deal a lot of damage to the Treants.

The battle is becoming in our favor before I realize it. I watch the movements of the other players moving in a smooth manner, especially the commander who was a hostage earlier. It feels like he has greatly trained to do that refined strike that seems to blow everything away.

When I see that attack, I feel that I am unable to match it in style regardless of whatever techniques I have.

I wonder how I compare to him.

Although I considered taking other professions in the past, I wondered if I could take the magician profession to the extreme.

Well, perhaps I should continue to do so--- I will raise a magician during the Open Beta Test.

The commander was cutting off the Elder Treant's arms. The surrounding Treants are already gone. Let me join in as well.

I start casting the strongest spell I have. The Elder Treant was felled due to the Mana Explosion.

....... Oops, did I get the last hit?

W-well, the person who deals the highest damage to the Boss should be the commander who attacked the most.

Since he's giving instructions to the hundred-odd players, I guess it was a guild event.

The other players seem to be delighted and are getting rid of the remaining Treants. Since the boss is defeated, I don't think I need to help them anymore.

[What is this......]

The commander raises his voice in a question. It seems that the trees are withering rapidly. It seems like he has not looked at the wiki.

[The plant subordinates of the Elder Treant that rely on it will wither.]

It seems to be this kind of design, where there's no need to check the forest to see if the boss is still alive. This is a kind design for the beginners.

[You are.....]

He seems like a nice person and I do want to be friends with him, but I don't have the time to talk with him for long. The time limit for me is up soon. After this event, I have to shop for dinner's ingredients and I need to log out urgently.

[My name is Chaos. I have to go now (to do shopping). My apologies (for leaving without giving my contact)―]

I apologize and log out.

When I'm back in the real world, I check the time. Just as expected, my time left is barely on the dot. Well, I should leave now before my mother's mood turns for the worse.



















Chapter 16 Part 1 - Thus the Magician becomes a hero


[Sir Lilburn, is this story true?]

One of the courtiers entreated.

[Yes, it's all true.]

Rafael responded immediately as if to cut off the courtiers' faint hopes.

His report was all true --- The people who understood the report's summary showed stunned expressions were mixed with a fury that was like fire, and there were those who had faced dyed with blue, and there were also those who were immobile.

[What is your army doing! Your numbers are two thousand and two hundred, and yet there are five hundred dead with two hundred seriously injured!]

[Aye. Our powerful kingdom's soldiers have suffered this much damage? Sir Lilburn, is there not a problem with your command?] (TL: This weird ancient-speak, not sure how to make it sound ancient. 然り。精な我が国の兵がここまでやられるものか。リルバ`ン卿、F卿の采配に}があったのではoいか)

[Indeed, we have to question whether we can trust Sir Lilburn as a commander.]

There were echoing voices asking for Rafael's responsibility. There were people amongst the courtiers who saw the state of the victorious army and wanted to denounce Rafael for his failure, and take responsibility for the casualties.

However, they did not realize that the damage was to this extent, which had far surpassed their imagination.

[No, more importantly, it's imperative that we reorganize the army!]

[The restructuring of the army, and the remuneration towards the dead and the injured. This is something that's a financial disaster for the national treasury.]

The officers-in-charge of the finances could not but feel a headache when they anticipated the amount of monetary damage from this subjugation.

[Hmm, Sir Lilburn. Can you give more details as to why our army suffered damage to this extent?]

At the king's words, Rafael began to narrate the progress of the subjugation in a matter-of-fact manner.

When they headed for the forest where the orcs resided in, they did not discover their presence. Instead, the various trees in the forest were actually Treant monsters and launched a surprise attack on the kingdom's army. The orcs were lying in ambush at different sections and contributed to the surprise attack.

The enemy's leader was the Evil God Moudeus's subordinate, an Elder Treant. The extensive vegetation in the kingdom were its converted minions and they had collected information about the kingdom. In addition, the orcs were controlled by it. After the Elder Treant was subjugated, the trees and orcs that were controlled as its minions ceased their activities and things ended uneventfully after that.

Everyone's faces showed bewilderment when the report was finished.

[An Evil God, you say! This ridiculous---!]

The Evil God Moudeus.

Until now, there were just rumors about it.

But if this monster that was just talked about a while ago true, then it was no longer the problem of the kingdom alone. (TL: All the kingdoms vs Demon God.)

[Sir Lilburn, are you trying to deceive us? It's too much if you bring in this Evil God and tie it to this subjugation. Because there are so many casualties, you're trying to make a false number where the enemy numbers are too high so that you can make yourself look like you're faultless, right?]

Against the accusation that it was a false report, Rafael made his rebuttal calmly with much effort, though abandoning his body to various emotions.

[You can listen to the reports of the other knights about the Elder Treant. Also, part of the Elder Treant's remains has been brought back. You can quickly confirm it by checking it out. Everything about the orcs being manipulated is true. If they were not controlled, it would be unlikely that we would be forced into a bad position to the point of being routed.]

[But no one has ever heard of anything about this Elder Treant. There isn't anyone who knows if there's this monster is a subordinate of the Evil God.]

There was one person who knew the Elder Treant --- The figure of a youth appeared in Rafael's mind.

[Now that someone else has mentioned it, the person called Chaos is the one who conveyed the information about the Elder Treant's minions would wither if it's defeated. Did you mention earlier that this young man just disappeared? Does he know more about the information about the Elder Treant? Investigate and seek information from the Adventurer Guild about the participants in this subjugation.] (TL: The raws never wrote who was speaking at that moment. I had to look at the LN version, and it's probably one of the courtiers who's speaking here. There's an attempt from me to insinuate that it's not Rafael's who's speaking.)

[About that......]

Rafael was at a loss for words. Before he could ask questions, the boy disappeared. Before the latter used Teleportation magic, he said he had some errands to do, and he left after defeating the Elder Treant.

The achievements he had were tremendous.

When he appeared, the battle situation changed greatly, and he delivered the finishing blow to the Elder Treant. He would surely be given a great reward if they knew where he was.

Rafael had already investigated him as he wanted to hear more from him. But.

[The name Chaos isn't among the adventurers who participated in this subjugation.]

His name was not amongst the adventurers in this subjugation. In order words, he came alone to that place.

[In other words, an adventurer who happened to know about this unknown monster, did not receive rewards and vanished into thin air...... Really, even if you want to make fun of us you should do it within bounds.]

Mocking laughter resounded all around Rafael.

The youth's existence was truly questionable.

An Evil God that no one knew if it existed, and a mysterious person appearing, if one was to think about it normally, it was an absurd story that one would believe.

However, there was one who showed a different reaction from the rest.

[Sir Lilburn, do you recall the appearance of that boy?]

That person --- King Wilfred displayed a complex expression and asked Rafael.

[...... Yes, a little..... He's a young man in his mid-teens and he has the rarely seen black hair and black eyes.]

[Is that, so.....]

The king's eyes were closed temporarily as he pondered. And as if he remembered something, he opened his eyes gently.

[Sir Lilburn.]

[Yes, Your Majesty.]

[The Elder Treant said something about 'being sealed'?]

『Indeed. "While I was being sealed, these useless orcs stayed here and our strength is insufficient because of them."』 (TL: If this is a quote, I'm not sure what I TLed the last time, cough, but I'm lazy to search the exact words, so I translated the thing again. Also, this is a THOUGHT quote.)

Rafael recalled on what he reported.

[Yes, there was something like that.]

[If that is the case, then there should be something that could come out if we investigate the past documents. Immediately start investigating with this. And as a matter of a precaution, investigate the forest too. Also, find out who this Chaos person is.]

He gave instructions to one of the courtiers nearby.

[Sir Lilburn, until the veracity of this matter is confirmed, I will put you under house arrest.]

[...... Yes, Your Majesty.]

[We will confirm the details of the reorganization of the army in tomorrow's meeting. Summarize the details of the damage and reorganization before then. We will adjourn here for the day.]

The courtiers nodded at King Wilfred's words, and the latter hurriedly left the place. (TL: No idea why 'hurriedly' was used here. The LN version did not mention this adjective.)








Chapter 16 part 2 - Thus the Magician becomes a hero

 

======= The Royal Palace's office =======

Wilfred looked over the report. (TL: King Wilfred, if you can't remember)

It was the results of the investigation that he ordered his vassals to do during the previous meeting.

There were some notes about the Elder Torrent, but the investigation was still ongoing.

Based on the results of the investigation of the forest thus far, the Elder Treant's roots were deep, far, and wide, which matched the report that Rafael gave. It was impossible to imagine how long they had been growing.

These roots were connected to wilted vegetation, which was most likely controlled by the Elder Treant. Dead plants could be found in the various cities and villages, and they were withered at the same time without any symptoms.

One after another, the investigations supported Rafael's report.

If the subjugation was delayed, it might be possible for the kingdom to be destroyed.

Wilfred shivered at the thought of the worst outcome.

Perhaps it would be appropriate to call the people who participated in the subjugation as heroes. But he felt complicated feelings in his chest, as he could only think that only one person should be called a hero.

The mysterious young wizard - Chaos.

Wilfred had heard of that name even before he received Wilfred's report, and it was Izrael from the Royal Magic Research Insititute who told him.

Originally a researcher would not be able to meet the king under ordinary circumstances, but they shared the same teacher when they were young and were close friends. It was an event where a revolutionary medicine was produced that Wilfred learned the name Chaos.

According to Izrael, Chaos was the one who provided the knowledge of the raw materials to make an Elixir. Not only that, he even provided the materials required, as well as where to get them, to make the highest class Health and Mana potions.

Izrael who had nothing but research on his mind, said passionately that Chaos's knowledge was one that the kingdom had never seen before and he should be recruited without question.

Wilfred himself wondered why Chaos taught the usage of these materials and had endless questions, but he thought that he could address him at a later time from Meldor and summon him to the royal palace.

However, he was not called in the days after, and yet there was another event about him.

Thieves who were trafficking people were caught. It was illegal in the kingdom because slavery was abolished. Normally they would have been caught and handled appropriately, but their hideout was a problem.

The bandits used the sewers as their base.

It might seem like a convenient place for the criminals to hide. But these sewers were specially locked because there were monsters in them which could easily overrun the area. The key was managed by the royal palace, and the Adventurer Guild which frequently eliminated the monsters would borrow it at fixed intervals.

Therefore it should not be easy to enter or exit the sewers. Nevertheless, the bandits discovered the door's lock when they investigated the area.

In the bandits' testimony, there was a person who brought out and duplicated the key from the royal palace. There were also a considerable number of aristocrats who were part of their customers, and government affairs were delayed because they had been exposed.

The bandits also mentioned about the details as to why they were caught. They had mistaken an adventurer who had black eyes and hair as a ghost, and they were caught because of him.

That was truly an unusual event and Wilfred had a lasting impression.

Then there was the case of the recent subjugation of the Elder Treant.

He did not think that the name Chaos would appear here. Thus he called Izrael to the royal palace to confirm if he was the same person and based on the description, it was indeed the very same person.

DD The Elixir, sewers, Elder Treant.

In all these events, the youth with black hair was involved in all of them.

Perhaps due to these events that were linked together, there was an illusion where he was trying to stand out in this kingdom. However, the Elixir was actually first taught in Meldor's item store, and the information was only passed to the Royal Magic Research Insititute later by chance.

The guild staff accepted the youth's participation in the sewer's cleanup and brought him there by mistake.

Therefore these events could not be linked together.

Yet this line of thinking did not explain things.

If he did not join the army that was created to subjugate the Elder Treant, why did he enter the forest alone?

The adventurers knew how dangerous the place could be when orcs inhabited that area. Wilfred was unable to accept the fact that the boy did not know about it, went deep into the forest by chance and encountered the Elder Treant.

It was more natural to think that he went to the forest in order to defeat the Elder Treant.

Wilfred pondered on it again.

It was very likely that the Elixir would not be created in time and used in the suppression of the orcs and Elder Treant.

The materials might not be gotten at all, and it was a question whether the Royal Magic Research Insititute would even possess the recipe to make the potion correctly.

As far as it was concerned, the Elixir incident had nothing to do with the subjugation event.

It was also true for the underground sewers. Monsters were definitely not involved in human trafficking. It felt like it was a series of coincidences and only seemed to be connected.

Coincidence......?

He visited the sewers by chance. Then he went to subjugate the Elder Treant. Could it possible that there was something in the underground sewers?

Underground...... Could it be!

The extent of the roots reaching in the kingdom was still not known. Could it be that the roots had reached the underground sewers? The youth noticed that fact and went ahead to defeat the Elder Treant.

If he knew how to create the Elixir potion, then it would not be strange that he knew about the matters of the Elder Treant.

Why did he not report such a serious crisis to the kingdom?

It was simple.

A youth whose identity was unknown bringing in the information of an unknown monster that had not been verified would not be accepted. And this situation was threatening the kingdom and he probably had to immediately act on it, or the kingdom would be destroyed.

In other words --- the youth was going to confront the Evil God's subordinate and his followers all by himself.

Was this not the action of a hero?

Wilfred felt something rise in his chest.

Chaos disappeared as soon as he finished his task. Perhaps he felt the invasion of the Evil God was far bigger than he thought and went off to a new battlefield? It might be possible that he gave the knowledge of the Elixir away in order to prepare for the Evil God's invasion.

It was all a supposition. But Wilfred could not completely deny this.

There was a high possibility of the Evil God existing, and it was necessary to reorganize an army as soon as possible. There was also the need to develop the potions urgently. Furthermore, it was necessary to warn other kingdoms that monsters in the name of the Evil God were going to invade them, and that they needed to be vigilant.

If everything was true, then the Evil God would reveal its appearance, possibly in the near future.

Perhaps that hero will appear again....



A short period after this, the hero Chaos disappeared from the kingdom. It was two months later when his name reappeared and shook the world.



The accomplishments of the Hero Chaos
- Defeated the Evil God's subordinate, an Elder Treant, and saved the Castaal kingdom.
- Advanced the development of potion making in the Castaal kingdom (the production method was later relayed to the various kingdoms)

Character Data Delete....... finished.

The closed beta test phase end.





Author's note:

The Closed Beta Arc is over.

It seems like (I'm) busy in the early of July? The next chapter would possibly be somewhere in the middle of the month.












Chapter 17 notes


I messaged the JP author about whether I can translate the webnovel, but he said no because it's a contracted work and the only place one could read it is at the syosetu site. Chapter 17 is also the point where it ends in volume 1, which sort of concludes things.

Therefore I will remove the chapters from my website during the weekends. If you want to keep the series, please copy the available chapters into a notepad these next few days. If anyone is reading this elsewhere, remember to turn on your adblocks because I didn't give anyone else permission to publish my translations, and the author definitely did not give permission to publish his series anywhere else. The only exception you should see this series TLed would be if someone else got his permission. In the case of MTL, you do need a little bit of grammar knowledge and maybe yomichan/rikaichamp equivalent for dictionary searching.

With Qidian, cough, I remember they are not chasing TLs unless they want the series. There is one more other JP series that I'm TLing, but since I couldn't message the author as she has disabled her message box, well, I'll keep on translating it. I thank the readers for following the series, and perhaps if you are interested in the series, you can try contacting JNovel and express interest in this series. Afaik, they are acquiring rights to translate in an official capacity, and they might be able to get the rights for this series if you're interested.



Here's his message, and my translation below.



はじめまして、うきせくさこです

メッセ`ジをiみました
返信がWれて申しUありません
海外の方にも私の作品をiんでいただいていることは大浃Δ欷筏い扦

ですが契sによって
この作品を翻Uして他のサイトで公_することはS可されていません

意に沿えず申しUありません

以上

Hello, this is Ukisekusako

I read the message
Sorry for the late reply
I am really happy that the people overseas read my work too

However, due to the fact that there is a contract
That is why the permission to translate this work cannot be given and published on other websites.

I am sorry that I cannot acquiesce to your request

This the end of the message




Chapter 17 - The Open Beta test

The Open Beta test is finally released two weeks after the Closed Beta test.

Perhaps the greatest difference between the Closed and Open Beta test is the number of people who could play on it.

The Closed Beta test had limits on the player count; there i no limit on the Open Beta test.

Though I'm not the developers, and it's only my personal opinion, there are no disasters during the Closed Beta Test, so the Open Beta test will mimic the real service. It's possible that it's used to test the servers and adjust the game balance.

The test will last one month and a half. It feels like it's a half-baked duration, but the service starts in the middle of July. Perhaps this means that they are aiming to start the test during the students' school break.

But this is the world's first VRMMORPG, is it really fine to have such a tight schedule?

There might possibly be a flaw in this unknown game system, so it feels like it should be tested a little longer.

Well, an online game's software can be updated but you can't update the hardware in the consoles. Problems found in the future can be corrected and the service can be started now unless there are fatal bugs in it.

There were MMORPGs that started officially, but there were many bugs and "Beta testers were forced to pay money" to try the game out, and the users got furious and left critical comments in forums.

I hope that Another World won't have this problem.

Earlier there was a required update in order to start up the game.

It seems like it's taking a while. There are probably many bugs discovered and newly added functions in this patch.

I refresh Another World's website to see new content as I continue to wait.

As expected, there are many bug fixes and new functions in the notes.

Because there are too many bugs that are fixed and I found it annoying to read them all, I look at the new functions and specifications.

There is a new additional function called Present Inventory.

This is the specialized storage where the official administration delivers their paid items, as well as the event items.

The paid items -- Users can buy items with real money in the game.

For example, there are items that allow increasing the XP gain by 2 times within a specific duration, movement speed increase, transportation tools or combat-related items. There are skill points resets and stats resets, as well as cosmetic items, such as different types of armors for the various professions.

The detailed reasons as to why items cannot be bought in the Beta are not clear, but in order to thank the participants, everyone would receive five copies of [Book of Blessing], which raises XP gain by 2 times.

This is really something to be thankful for.

There is also a change to the [Bad Status]. It meant that there are conditions to the character that would be detrimental to combat.

The conditions are [Poisoned], [Burned], [Slow-footed], [Stunned], [Asleep], [Sealed].

[Poisoned] and [Burned] are damage that persisted over time --- DoT (Damage over Time). The game has changes stated about the Poisoned status in the notes.

The damage and duration are lowered, but the skills are also changed and allow multiple instances of poison.

For example, if there are two existences A and B, and both use the related skills, they would receive the damage of A and B's DoT.

And the rule to the antidote is that using the related skill or an antidote potion would allow all Poison instances to be removed.

Even though this is a terrible act for the professions low in HP, this is great news for Assassins and Hunters who had multiple skills related to poison.

[Slow-footed] is just like how it sounded. If a Water magician uses Ice-magic, they will cause the status of Slow-footed.

[Stunned] and [Asleep] are abnormal conditions where one could not take any actions.

[Stunned] has a limited duration, [Asleep] was the same as well, but receiving damage in that condition would allow one to move.

[Sealed] is a status where one could not use any skills.

This is a condition I must avoid as one who mainly uses Magic.

There are potions that counter the [Stunned] and [Asleep] status, so I can buy them as a counter. Also, in regards to these two conditions, one can probably be healed if a Healer uses their recovery skills.

There are no monsters that dealt these abnormal conditions at the start, so there is no problem playing without party members.....

I didn't enter a party at the end of the Closed Beta at all.

Hmm....... Well, it's no use thinking about the negative aspects.

I should be positive in the Open Beta.

I also intend to play as a Magician. I have the [Book of Blessing] as well, and with the Closed Beta's wiki information and strategy on the monsters, it might possible to change to a second Class.

The second Class as defined, the first Class--- the so-called Magician that I have, is a Class that can learn far stronger skills.

The conditions are that I must reach level 50, and I won't be able to change my Class if I didn't clear the quests to change to the second Class.

To add on, the second class allows a combat-related profession to choose three types.

For example, a warrior could advance to a Knight which has excellent defense and offense, or a Paladin which has extremely high defense and healing capabilities, or a Berserker which has low defense but possess offensive skills.

The Magician also has three choices.

The first is the Wizard Class.

This is the Class that follows the Magician's path, possessing extremely powerful Magic. It is the strongest Class if one is placed in a group battle.

The second Class is Sage. They lack offensive skills compared to a Magician, but they have skills that give buffs to allies and debuffs to enemies (like reducing the strength stat).

They are not suited for personal combat but give an overall boost to their allies.

The third is a summoner, allowing one to get summoning beasts from a different world. The Class also has their own offensive skills, so the ability to do personal combat is stronger.

All of the Classes have their own charm, but the wiki strategy guides recommend the Sage Class. The buffs that a Sage has affects the entire party unlike the Healer Class, so the firepower is raised overall.

It's probably fun to raise the stats of the party members and one's own.

But...... I feel the conditions to raise a Sage is pretty strict.

The reason is that too many skills rely on the Mind stat.

The [Mind] and [Intelligence] stats affect the increase of MP, skills, Magic Power, and Magic Defense.

[Mind] greatly increases the defense against magic, and affects the effectiveness of healing and buff skills.

[Intelligence] greatly increases the Magic Power, and affects the attacking skills.

Raising the [Mind] stat raises the Magic Power too, but it doesn't rise as much as the [Intelligence] stats, and the reverse is true.

If a particular skill has no annotation to it, the power of the skill is decided according to the Magic Power.

In conclusion, the power of the Sage's skills relies greatly on the [Mind] stats, but the first Class, Magician, with a low intelligence would mean that the effectiveness of its available skills will be going down. It is a contradiction.

Since one cannot change the points once they are allocated, changing to a Sage Class would mean that the points have to be added to the [Mind] stats from the start.

But the power from a Magician's Mana Bolt is reliant on the intelligence stats, and the early raising of the class can be visibly affected from the start.

If I think about it a little, it's best to give up on aiming for a Sage.

So should I go as a Wizard or Summoner.....?

There are flaws on either side.

The skills of the Wizard Class are the strongest, but there's a weakness as the incantation time is overly long. On the other hand, a Summoner's expenditure in Mana is huge, and the flaw is that it's easy to run out of mana.

Hmm, which should I choose?

I ponder and compare the two skillsets.

In this way, it's kind of fun to think about the skills.

But I don't really fantasize about [I shall form the greatest skill combination] with the limited skill points.

Though the Another World's forum is becoming heated up. There are some volunteers who created a non-official simulator to calculate the points. It can simulate which skills to acquire according to the level.

Despite using this, it takes me 10 minutes to compare different skills as though I'm in a dilemma to piece a jigsaw puzzle together with groans.

I temper with it before I realize what I am doing.

Is it possible...... I think as I tinker with the simulator.

--- As if the pieces clink together neatly, I compose a skillset according to my imagination.

Ha, hahaha. This. Isn't this good?

A lot of skill points is certainly needed and I might not be able to reach this required high level in the Open Beta since there's a time limit, but there's value in it as it appears interesting.

The update is finally over when I'm glowing with self-satisfaction as I decide my target.

Alright, let me do it at once~

Login, and set up the characters.

Since the character data from the Closed Beta is deleted, I have to remake the character. The name is still Chaos.

The character's gender and appearance can be changed. The previous character settings are based on my own appearances, and I want to make it similar this time too.

Looking at my finished character suddenly makes me want to mess with it a little, so I increase the Body Weight's parameter.

Woah, so this is how I look like when I'm fat.

Since the stats don't change, being thin or fat should not affect the character.

If I really want to, I can make a fat agile thief or a loli-body type warrior.

Since I have the chance to try it out I tried changing my hairstyle in mega ways; silver hair and heterochromia. Finally, I made a character that is taller than my height with a fat character and straight standing hair.

This is bad, I messed around with the settings a little too much.

Erm, reverting back the hair and wait...... Right, I reverted to the original?

I pull back myself together.

When I start the game, I can see several choices for the starting locations.

There were three choices: Malcott, Stolbrusen, Clermont.

Malcott is the Caastal kingdom's capital.

I remember that Stolbrusen belongs to the Vixels Empire, while Clermont is the capital of the Commune Allies.

It seems like they changed the location to the cities instead of the empty forest. Though it might be a just a bug the previous time.

Since I chose the Caastal kingdom in the Closed Beta, how about choosing Stolbrusen this time?

Fortunately, the surroundings of the Vixels empire is also included in the wiki guide.

Well, let me begin my adventure!




I will also remove the chapters from my website during the weekends. If you want to keep the series, please copy the chapters into a notepad. If anyone is reading this elsewhere, remember to turn on your adblocks because I didn't give anyone else permission to publish my translations, and the author definitely did not give permission to publish his series anywhere else. The only exception you should see this series TLed would be if someone else got his permission. In the case of MTL, you do need a little bit of grammar knowledge and maybe yomichan/rikaichamp equivalent for dictionary searching.



The hero Chaos who had won great fame within the Caastal kingdom disappeared after defeating the Elder Treant. At that time, Wilfred contracted the Adventurer Guild in order to find him. But there were many adventurers who leaked out the existence of Chaos, and countless people impersonated him. Thus the request was canceled, and this event was logged.

At the same time, there was someone in the neighboring Vixels Empire who had the same name as him. He was also a Magician with black hair but he had heterochromia, having black and blue eyes. At that time, the magic skills available could not change the colors of the eyes, so the Adventurer Guild treated him as a person with the same name.

But considering the achievements that he had, it was more persuasive to say that he was the hero Chaos.

The world continued to debate on the reason why he had to change his eye colors, and also how he did it. There was the opinion where he changed the color of his eyes because he disliked becoming too famous, but it was refuted because he continued to use the name Chaos. Another theory was that he was possessed by a Magic Eye when he disappeared. There was also another claim that there was a Magician group called "Chaos", but the scholars said it was two entirely different things and a crazy talk.

Everyone knew about the heroic tales of Chaos in the current era. The mysteries that he left behind were still left unsolved.